Title: I'm Giving You My Favorite Business Automation For Free
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

Today I have the pleasure of showing you Today I have the pleasure of showing you Today I have the pleasure of showing you one of my personal favorite automations. one of my personal favorite automations. one of my personal favorite automations. And I mean that. We try to build a lot And I mean that. We try to build a lot And I mean that. We try to build a lot of different automations to support the of different automations to support the of different automations to support the content and community business that we content and community business that we content and community business that we run, but not all of them stick. But one run, but not all of them stick. But one run, but not all of them stick. But one of the big ones that we not just keep of the big ones that we not just keep of the big ones that we not just keep around, but keep iterating on over time around, but keep iterating on over time around, but keep iterating on over time is this meeting summary automation right is this meeting summary automation right is this meeting summary automation right here. And today I will be guiding you here. And today I will be guiding you here. And today I will be guiding you through this automation, giving you the through this automation, giving you the through this automation, giving you the blueprint and telling you what blueprint and telling you what blueprint and telling you what possibilities you kind of have here. But possibilities you kind of have here. But possibilities you kind of have here. But first, let me explain what this is. It first, let me explain what this is. It first, let me explain what this is. It basically takes in brand new meeting basically takes in brand new meeting basically takes in brand new meeting notes from our team meetings and then notes from our team meetings and then notes from our team meetings and then runs a GPT API call on top of it and runs a GPT API call on top of it and runs a GPT API call on top of it and then basically takes the content of the then basically takes the content of the then basically takes the content of the meeting and extracts valuable insights meeting and extracts valuable insights meeting and extracts valuable insights for me as the CEO and founder of our for me as the CEO and founder of our for me as the CEO and founder of our little organization here. Ultimately, little organization here. Ultimately, little organization here. Ultimately, this is what that looks like. It doesn't this is what that looks like. It doesn't this is what that looks like. It doesn't just give me the action items, which is just give me the action items, which is just give me the action items, which is pretty standard, but it also extracts pretty standard, but it also extracts pretty standard, but it also extracts custom ideas that are aligned with my custom ideas that are aligned with my custom ideas that are aligned with my own goals. And it also surfaces own goals. And it also surfaces own goals. And it also surfaces uncomfortable truths from within the uncomfortable truths from within the uncomfortable truths from within the transcripts. These are custom prompting transcripts. These are custom prompting transcripts. These are custom prompting techniques that are not present in any techniques that are not present in any techniques that are not present in any of the meeting summarization tools I'm of the meeting summarization tools I'm of the meeting summarization tools I'm aware of, and I really wanted this. As aware of, and I really wanted this. As aware of, and I really wanted this. As you know, by now, I have a large you know, by now, I have a large you know, by now, I have a large collection of various specialty prompts. collection of various specialty prompts. collection of various specialty prompts. But it's unrealistic to just pull every But it's unrealistic to just pull every But it's unrealistic to just pull every meeting transcript and do this manually. meeting transcript and do this manually. meeting transcript and do this manually. That's why we created this automation That's why we created this automation That's why we created this automation that does all of this. And it even has that does all of this. And it even has that does all of this. And it even has an element in there where it shows how an element in there where it shows how an element in there where it shows how well that meeting aligned with our well that meeting aligned with our well that meeting aligned with our current road map. But as you can see, current road map. But as you can see, current road map. But as you can see, this is quite custom and I will do my this is quite custom and I will do my this is quite custom and I will do my best to explain it to you in this video best to explain it to you in this video best to explain it to you in this video and you will get the blueprint. But I and you will get the blueprint. But I and you will get the blueprint. But I just have to say that this is a rather just have to say that this is a rather just have to say that this is a rather advanced video and I realize that most advanced video and I realize that most advanced video and I realize that most people won't be able to recreate this people won't be able to recreate this people won't be able to recreate this either because this might be too either because this might be too either because this might be too intricate or because we use certain intricate or because we use certain intricate or because we use certain specialty tools here. We use Google specialty tools here. We use Google specialty tools here. We use Google Meets with the Gemini Assistant in there Meets with the Gemini Assistant in there Meets with the Gemini Assistant in there for the meeting transcripts. Then those for the meeting transcripts. Then those for the meeting transcripts. Then those files get stored in the Google drive files get stored in the Google drive files get stored in the Google drive automatically. We use air table as our automatically. We use air table as our automatically. We use air table as our database to store all of these meeting database to store all of these meeting database to store all of these meeting notes and make to glue all of this notes and make to glue all of this notes and make to glue all of this together for this entire process to together for this entire process to together for this entire process to happen automatically. And also I want to happen automatically. And also I want to happen automatically. And also I want to say a big thank you to make for say a big thank you to make for say a big thank you to make for sponsoring this video. I really like sponsoring this video. I really like sponsoring this video. I really like working with them because they just working with them because they just working with them because they just reached out and asked, "Hey, do you have reached out and asked, "Hey, do you have reached out and asked, "Hey, do you have any more detailed or advanced any more detailed or advanced any more detailed or advanced automations that you would like to show automations that you would like to show automations that you would like to show off?" And I said, "Yes, I actually have off?" And I said, "Yes, I actually have off?" And I said, "Yes, I actually have this one." And they were all for that. this one." And they were all for that. this one." And they were all for that. Usually a lot of companies they want to Usually a lot of companies they want to Usually a lot of companies they want to do a extremely beginner friendly do a extremely beginner friendly do a extremely beginner friendly tutorial and Make does exactly the tutorial and Make does exactly the tutorial and Make does exactly the opposite which I really love. They say opposite which I really love. They say opposite which I really love. They say hey show something specific and show us hey show something specific and show us hey show something specific and show us something useful rather than showing a something useful rather than showing a something useful rather than showing a generic beginner tutorial. We've seen generic beginner tutorial. We've seen generic beginner tutorial. We've seen those and we want to go deeper and those and we want to go deeper and those and we want to go deeper and that's what we're going to do in this that's what we're going to do in this that's what we're going to do in this video. A final note before we get into video. A final note before we get into video. A final note before we get into the overview of this is that hey yeah if the overview of this is that hey yeah if the overview of this is that hey yeah if you're using a different tool stack and you're using a different tool stack and you're using a different tool stack and for example you might be using notion for example you might be using notion for example you might be using notion for the database and for example you're for the database and for example you're for the database and for example you're using a different meeting assistant to using a different meeting assistant to using a different meeting assistant to create your transcripts or you're using create your transcripts or you're using create your transcripts or you're using Dropbox instead of Google Drive. Well, Dropbox instead of Google Drive. Well, Dropbox instead of Google Drive. Well, you'll have to switch out those nodes you'll have to switch out those nodes you'll have to switch out those nodes and this tutorial just shows you what we and this tutorial just shows you what we and this tutorial just shows you what we have done and gives you that blueprint. have done and gives you that blueprint. have done and gives you that blueprint. If you want to customize it because you If you want to customize it because you If you want to customize it because you have a different tool stack. Well, this have a different tool stack. Well, this have a different tool stack. Well, this is a fantastic starting point. You can is a fantastic starting point. You can is a fantastic starting point. You can use the blueprints that we give you. use the blueprints that we give you. use the blueprints that we give you. Actually, just upload that to Chat GPT Actually, just upload that to Chat GPT Actually, just upload that to Chat GPT and then start talking to it, what steps and then start talking to it, what steps and then start talking to it, what steps you would need to take to customize you would need to take to customize you would need to take to customize this, but this tutorial is just for our this, but this tutorial is just for our this, but this tutorial is just for our workflow. So, with that being said, workflow. So, with that being said, workflow. So, with that being said, let's get into this. And I'll just start let's get into this. And I'll just start let's get into this. And I'll just start by giving you an overview. And then by giving you an overview. And then by giving you an overview. And then we'll get into the blueprint and how to we'll get into the blueprint and how to we'll get into the blueprint and how to set this up for yourself. So, the set this up for yourself. So, the set this up for yourself. So, the trigger here is quite simple. It's a trigger here is quite simple. It's a trigger here is quite simple. It's a timed Google Drive connection that timed Google Drive connection that timed Google Drive connection that checks the meet recordings folder in my checks the meet recordings folder in my checks the meet recordings folder in my Google Drive. This is just where the Google Drive. This is just where the Google Drive. This is just where the Gemini meetings automatically go into. Gemini meetings automatically go into. Gemini meetings automatically go into. So, this is the tutorial automation, but So, this is the tutorial automation, but So, this is the tutorial automation, but the proper one is enabled to run every the proper one is enabled to run every the proper one is enabled to run every 15 minutes. We just have a few meetings 15 minutes. We just have a few meetings 15 minutes. We just have a few meetings a week. Nevertheless, this just costs a week. Nevertheless, this just costs a week. Nevertheless, this just costs one credit at a time, and we don't mind. one credit at a time, and we don't mind. one credit at a time, and we don't mind. Next up, there's a text parser and Next up, there's a text parser and Next up, there's a text parser and tools. And you'll see a bunch of these tools. And you'll see a bunch of these tools. And you'll see a bunch of these throughout the automation because not throughout the automation because not throughout the automation because not all of the formatting that comes from all of the formatting that comes from all of the formatting that comes from Google Gemini is ready to be worked with Google Gemini is ready to be worked with Google Gemini is ready to be worked with in some of the other tools. For example, in some of the other tools. For example, in some of the other tools. For example, we want to bring it from the meeting we want to bring it from the meeting we want to bring it from the meeting summary and the transcript within here summary and the transcript within here summary and the transcript within here into Air Table which stores dates into Air Table which stores dates into Air Table which stores dates beautifully like this. In order to do beautifully like this. In order to do beautifully like this. In order to do that, you need to parse out certain that, you need to parse out certain that, you need to parse out certain parts including the date format right parts including the date format right parts including the date format right here. For example, right here you can here. For example, right here you can here. For example, right here you can see what we do with the date format to see what we do with the date format to see what we do with the date format to make this fit into Air Table. Then we make this fit into Air Table. Then we make this fit into Air Table. Then we move on to actually downloading the move on to actually downloading the move on to actually downloading the files. And not just that, we also files. And not just that, we also files. And not just that, we also convert it to markdown. So we can easily convert it to markdown. So we can easily convert it to markdown. So we can easily make this work within this automation. make this work within this automation. make this work within this automation. Then we just make sure this markdown Then we just make sure this markdown Then we just make sure this markdown file is in UTF8 format. So all of this file is in UTF8 format. So all of this file is in UTF8 format. So all of this is well readable in the GPT API call is well readable in the GPT API call is well readable in the GPT API call that is coming up in a second here. Now that is coming up in a second here. Now that is coming up in a second here. Now we enter this router and this is we enter this router and this is we enter this router and this is basically here to filter out just the basically here to filter out just the basically here to filter out just the files that have everything we need. So files that have everything we need. So files that have everything we need. So if it's just the transcript, it goes if it's just the transcript, it goes if it's just the transcript, it goes here. But if there's everything we need, here. But if there's everything we need, here. But if there's everything we need, we go down this main branch down here, we go down this main branch down here, we go down this main branch down here, which is essentially the entire which is essentially the entire which is essentially the entire workflow. I mean, up until now, we kind workflow. I mean, up until now, we kind workflow. I mean, up until now, we kind of just prepared and downloaded our of just prepared and downloaded our of just prepared and downloaded our file. And now we're here in this main file. And now we're here in this main file. And now we're here in this main branch. And I'm going to show you this branch. And I'm going to show you this branch. And I'm going to show you this on the example of a successful run on on the example of a successful run on on the example of a successful run on Monday. I tried to manually replicate it Monday. I tried to manually replicate it Monday. I tried to manually replicate it here for you with like duplicating a here for you with like duplicating a here for you with like duplicating a file and making it happen. But that made file and making it happen. But that made file and making it happen. But that made me realize that the way this automation me realize that the way this automation me realize that the way this automation is set up works perfectly when Gemini is set up works perfectly when Gemini is set up works perfectly when Gemini saves the file and puts everything in saves the file and puts everything in saves the file and puts everything in place. But for me to replicate it here, place. But for me to replicate it here, place. But for me to replicate it here, I would need to rename certain things I would need to rename certain things I would need to rename certain things and change parts of this automation. And and change parts of this automation. And and change parts of this automation. And I think that would cause more confusion I think that would cause more confusion I think that would cause more confusion than that's worth. So I'm going to show than that's worth. So I'm going to show than that's worth. So I'm going to show you this on the example of the you this on the example of the you this on the example of the automation that actually ran on Monday automation that actually ran on Monday automation that actually ran on Monday on our latest team meeting. So I'm just on our latest team meeting. So I'm just on our latest team meeting. So I'm just going to look at this run and this is going to look at this run and this is going to look at this run and this is what it looks like. Found the new file. what it looks like. Found the new file. what it looks like. Found the new file. went through all of these steps, went through all of these steps, went through all of these steps, downloaded it. Up here, it set one downloaded it. Up here, it set one downloaded it. Up here, it set one variable for the notes, which is the variable for the notes, which is the variable for the notes, which is the summary, and one for the raw summary, and one for the raw summary, and one for the raw transcription. And then it pulled in the transcription. And then it pulled in the transcription. And then it pulled in the recording here. It successfully went for recording here. It successfully went for recording here. It successfully went for this router as we have everything we this router as we have everything we this router as we have everything we need. And then back here, we get into need. And then back here, we get into need. And then back here, we get into using the GPT API. Let me briefly switch using the GPT API. Let me briefly switch using the GPT API. Let me briefly switch over to the editing mode so you can see over to the editing mode so you can see over to the editing mode so you can see this. It's all within the blueprint that this. It's all within the blueprint that this. It's all within the blueprint that we'll provide with this video. But as we'll provide with this video. But as we'll provide with this video. But as you can see right here, this is a prompt you can see right here, this is a prompt you can see right here, this is a prompt that we've worked out over several that we've worked out over several that we've worked out over several months. Here are the different blocks we months. Here are the different blocks we months. Here are the different blocks we wanted to include like the uncomfortable wanted to include like the uncomfortable wanted to include like the uncomfortable truths like identifying action items, truths like identifying action items, truths like identifying action items, listing longerterm high impact listing longerterm high impact listing longerterm high impact opportunities and more. You can check opportunities and more. You can check opportunities and more. You can check out all of this in here. Then we create out all of this in here. Then we create out all of this in here. Then we create this JSON that is going to be the this JSON that is going to be the this JSON that is going to be the structure that we'll be using for the structure that we'll be using for the structure that we'll be using for the GPT call. So the system prompt at the GPT call. So the system prompt at the GPT call. So the system prompt at the top and a transcription below it as top and a transcription below it as top and a transcription below it as context. And then here you set your API context. And then here you set your API context. And then here you set your API key and then you pull in this JSON to key and then you pull in this JSON to key and then you pull in this JSON to give the API all the info it needs to give the API all the info it needs to give the API all the info it needs to work properly. Hope that's making sense work properly. Hope that's making sense work properly. Hope that's making sense in terms of calling the API. That's in terms of calling the API. That's in terms of calling the API. That's pretty standard stuff. We've covered pretty standard stuff. We've covered pretty standard stuff. We've covered this dozens of times on the channel. this dozens of times on the channel. this dozens of times on the channel. Again, this is not exactly a beginner Again, this is not exactly a beginner Again, this is not exactly a beginner tutorial. Let's move on. And then here tutorial. Let's move on. And then here tutorial. Let's move on. And then here in the end, we do a bunch of formatting in the end, we do a bunch of formatting in the end, we do a bunch of formatting steps so that all of this data can be steps so that all of this data can be steps so that all of this data can be presented nicely within the air table. presented nicely within the air table. presented nicely within the air table. And then, as you can see, it takes the And then, as you can see, it takes the And then, as you can see, it takes the output of the last step here 58 to save output of the last step here 58 to save output of the last step here 58 to save that within the air table summary field. that within the air table summary field. that within the air table summary field. And if I look over to the air table, And if I look over to the air table, And if I look over to the air table, that's exactly what happens. It goes that's exactly what happens. It goes that's exactly what happens. It goes into here. And we can see the full into here. And we can see the full into here. And we can see the full custom summary in here. So, as I custom summary in here. So, as I custom summary in here. So, as I mentioned in the beginning, now we're mentioned in the beginning, now we're mentioned in the beginning, now we're not just getting the standard Google not just getting the standard Google not just getting the standard Google Gemini summary, which is, you know, Gemini summary, which is, you know, Gemini summary, which is, you know, fine, but it gives me this in-depth fine, but it gives me this in-depth fine, but it gives me this in-depth report here. So, there you go. That's a report here. So, there you go. That's a report here. So, there you go. That's a semi-detailed overview of what this semi-detailed overview of what this semi-detailed overview of what this actually does. And now I'm going to show actually does. And now I'm going to show actually does. And now I'm going to show you how to actually import and activate you how to actually import and activate you how to actually import and activate this for yourself because we exported this for yourself because we exported this for yourself because we exported this automation as a make blueprint, this automation as a make blueprint, this automation as a make blueprint, which you can in your free account even which you can in your free account even which you can in your free account even import. All you need to do is go into a import. All you need to do is go into a import. All you need to do is go into a new scenario, say import blueprint, and new scenario, say import blueprint, and new scenario, say import blueprint, and then get the file from the link in the then get the file from the link in the then get the file from the link in the description below. We'll put it up in a description below. We'll put it up in a description below. We'll put it up in a public G drive for you to download. So, public G drive for you to download. So, public G drive for you to download. So, I went through this process of setting I went through this process of setting I went through this process of setting this up myself a few days ago now. And this up myself a few days ago now. And this up myself a few days ago now. And really, there's three main things that really, there's three main things that really, there's three main things that you need to change. First of all, you you need to change. First of all, you you need to change. First of all, you need to switch this to your own need to switch this to your own need to switch this to your own connections. So, all the Google Drive connections. So, all the Google Drive connections. So, all the Google Drive notes, which are one, two, and then free notes, which are one, two, and then free notes, which are one, two, and then free right here, need to be changed to your right here, need to be changed to your right here, need to be changed to your own Google Google Drive. You're not own Google Google Drive. You're not own Google Google Drive. You're not going to have access to our company going to have access to our company going to have access to our company Google Drive obviously. And then you'll Google Drive obviously. And then you'll Google Drive obviously. And then you'll also need to adjust the meeting folder. also need to adjust the meeting folder. also need to adjust the meeting folder. Same thing goes for the Air Table Same thing goes for the Air Table Same thing goes for the Air Table connection. By the way, quick note is connection. By the way, quick note is connection. By the way, quick note is that you might have seen that in that you might have seen that in that you might have seen that in previous tutorials we used a lot of previous tutorials we used a lot of previous tutorials we used a lot of notion, but we actually switched to Air notion, but we actually switched to Air notion, but we actually switched to Air Table for all of our automations just Table for all of our automations just Table for all of our automations just because it's speedier. A lot of times we because it's speedier. A lot of times we because it's speedier. A lot of times we saw errors from various automations, saw errors from various automations, saw errors from various automations, especially with higher throughput and a especially with higher throughput and a especially with higher throughput and a lot of data coming through. And we lot of data coming through. And we lot of data coming through. And we needed some workarounds because Notion needed some workarounds because Notion needed some workarounds because Notion is freely available and it can work as a is freely available and it can work as a is freely available and it can work as a database, but if you put a lot of info database, but if you put a lot of info database, but if you put a lot of info into something like a long transcript, into something like a long transcript, into something like a long transcript, you would have to chunk it into you would have to chunk it into you would have to chunk it into different pieces and do all of these different pieces and do all of these different pieces and do all of these like data gymnastics just for it to work like data gymnastics just for it to work like data gymnastics just for it to work in Notion. In Air Table, it just works in Notion. In Air Table, it just works in Notion. In Air Table, it just works and it's speedier. The downside is that and it's speedier. The downside is that and it's speedier. The downside is that it's paid, but for those reasons, we it's paid, but for those reasons, we it's paid, but for those reasons, we switched everything over to air switched everything over to air switched everything over to air tableable and that's what we're using tableable and that's what we're using tableable and that's what we're using now. So, you'll have to reconnect that now. So, you'll have to reconnect that now. So, you'll have to reconnect that too and you'll need a air table that is too and you'll need a air table that is too and you'll need a air table that is set up like this. A name field that is a set up like this. A name field that is a set up like this. A name field that is a single text line, a date field that is a single text line, a date field that is a single text line, a date field that is a date text type, the Google doc link that date text type, the Google doc link that date text type, the Google doc link that is a URL, a recording link which is also is a URL, a recording link which is also is a URL, a recording link which is also a URL, and a summary which is a long a URL, and a summary which is a long a URL, and a summary which is a long text field. If you have this set up in text field. If you have this set up in text field. If you have this set up in Air Table, you'll add a new connection Air Table, you'll add a new connection Air Table, you'll add a new connection right here. And then just make sure that right here. And then just make sure that right here. And then just make sure that these exact variables link in the these exact variables link in the these exact variables link in the various fields and this will work. The various fields and this will work. The various fields and this will work. The same thing goes for this second air same thing goes for this second air same thing goes for this second air table node here. And then most table node here. And then most table node here. And then most importantly there's a third air importantly there's a third air importantly there's a third air tableable node here in the end. So if tableable node here in the end. So if tableable node here in the end. So if everything goes right, this is where it everything goes right, this is where it everything goes right, this is where it saves all of that. If you just copy the saves all of that. If you just copy the saves all of that. If you just copy the structure of this air table and you link structure of this air table and you link structure of this air table and you link your account, it should be able to your account, it should be able to your account, it should be able to transfer everything over smoothly from transfer everything over smoothly from transfer everything over smoothly from the blueprint. So you just need to the blueprint. So you just need to the blueprint. So you just need to switch out the connection, pick the switch out the connection, pick the switch out the connection, pick the right base and table and all of this right base and table and all of this right base and table and all of this should appear for you. Just in case you should appear for you. Just in case you should appear for you. Just in case you need to recreate it, I'll show it all need to recreate it, I'll show it all need to recreate it, I'll show it all like so. And then the last step is like so. And then the last step is like so. And then the last step is actually changing the value here in the actually changing the value here in the actually changing the value here in the OpenAI API call to your own API key. The OpenAI API call to your own API key. The OpenAI API call to your own API key. The rest can stay the same. And that should rest can stay the same. And that should rest can stay the same. And that should make this full automation work. In case make this full automation work. In case make this full automation work. In case you run into troubles, you can always you run into troubles, you can always you run into troubles, you can always create a screenshot, give that to GPT or create a screenshot, give that to GPT or create a screenshot, give that to GPT or use some of the make documentation, use some of the make documentation, use some of the make documentation, which is very extensive to help you make which is very extensive to help you make which is very extensive to help you make some of these nodes work. Customizing some of these nodes work. Customizing some of these nodes work. Customizing this to other tools is obviously a this to other tools is obviously a this to other tools is obviously a different story, but I mentioned that in different story, but I mentioned that in different story, but I mentioned that in the beginning. And once you have it all the beginning. And once you have it all the beginning. And once you have it all working, here's my recommendation. You working, here's my recommendation. You working, here's my recommendation. You can customize this. Okay, so each can customize this. Okay, so each can customize this. Okay, so each organizations and each individual's organizations and each individual's organizations and each individual's goals are going to be different. And the goals are going to be different. And the goals are going to be different. And the point of this is that you can really go point of this is that you can really go point of this is that you can really go into here and play with things like the into here and play with things like the into here and play with things like the system prompt right here. And then at system prompt right here. And then at system prompt right here. And then at the end of this prompt is the part that the end of this prompt is the part that the end of this prompt is the part that is so crucial for you to customize is so crucial for you to customize is so crucial for you to customize yourself. So if you scroll down here in yourself. So if you scroll down here in yourself. So if you scroll down here in the preset, you will see this part that the preset, you will see this part that the preset, you will see this part that says mission vision values that says mission vision values that says mission vision values that specifies them and then the road map. specifies them and then the road map. specifies them and then the road map. Now you can delete parts of this. For Now you can delete parts of this. For Now you can delete parts of this. For example, now we're in Q4, so I won't example, now we're in Q4, so I won't example, now we're in Q4, so I won't need these parts. Just make sure to need these parts. Just make sure to need these parts. Just make sure to include what you're actually doing with include what you're actually doing with include what you're actually doing with your company and what your actual your company and what your actual your company and what your actual mission, vision, and values are for this mission, vision, and values are for this mission, vision, and values are for this to work properly. Otherwise, it's not to work properly. Otherwise, it's not to work properly. Otherwise, it's not going to know about you, right? So, I'm going to know about you, right? So, I'm going to know about you, right? So, I'm just going to copy over our mission from just going to copy over our mission from just going to copy over our mission from a file here on the other screen. Our a file here on the other screen. Our a file here on the other screen. Our vision is over here kind of if you're vision is over here kind of if you're vision is over here kind of if you're curious, I have like a notion knowledge curious, I have like a notion knowledge curious, I have like a notion knowledge base where I take these things from. But base where I take these things from. But base where I take these things from. But here, I'm just going to copy over the here, I'm just going to copy over the here, I'm just going to copy over the vision. And then finally the values that vision. And then finally the values that vision. And then finally the values that we kind of represent here and that I we kind of represent here and that I we kind of represent here and that I hold my team to. And then for the road hold my team to. And then for the road hold my team to. And then for the road map, I also have like a few road map map, I also have like a few road map map, I also have like a few road map points on things that we're working on points on things that we're working on points on things that we're working on right now. So I'm going to copy that right now. So I'm going to copy that right now. So I'm going to copy that over like so. This is just these are over like so. This is just these are over like so. This is just these are some items of our road map right here. some items of our road map right here. some items of our road map right here. And then when this is updated at the And then when this is updated at the And then when this is updated at the bottom, I'm going to make sure to save bottom, I'm going to make sure to save bottom, I'm going to make sure to save this. Now the automation knows this and this. Now the automation knows this and this. Now the automation knows this and every time it processes the transcript every time it processes the transcript every time it processes the transcript it will include my very own mission it will include my very own mission it will include my very own mission vision values and the road map from this vision values and the road map from this vision values and the road map from this system prompt note. You can try system prompt note. You can try system prompt note. You can try different ones. You can duplicate this different ones. You can duplicate this different ones. You can duplicate this automation and maybe have two versions automation and maybe have two versions automation and maybe have two versions of it with two databases where it runs of it with two databases where it runs of it with two databases where it runs two different prompts every time and two different prompts every time and two different prompts every time and then you can kind of split test and see then you can kind of split test and see then you can kind of split test and see what you like better based on your what you like better based on your what you like better based on your various meetings. Meetings are one of various meetings. Meetings are one of various meetings. Meetings are one of the most powerful forms of context the most powerful forms of context the most powerful forms of context across the internet and there's across the internet and there's across the internet and there's something all of us do these days with something all of us do these days with something all of us do these days with remote work environments and Zoom calls remote work environments and Zoom calls remote work environments and Zoom calls being completely normal in most careers. being completely normal in most careers. being completely normal in most careers. All of those can be transcribed and with All of those can be transcribed and with All of those can be transcribed and with an automation like this you will be able an automation like this you will be able an automation like this you will be able to extract all of the knowledge from to extract all of the knowledge from to extract all of the knowledge from within that and it even allows you to do within that and it even allows you to do within that and it even allows you to do something like hey if you have an something like hey if you have an something like hey if you have an organization with let's say 30 employees organization with let's say 30 employees organization with let's say 30 employees and there's a bunch of meetings going and there's a bunch of meetings going and there's a bunch of meetings going on. Well this way you can be present in on. Well this way you can be present in on. Well this way you can be present in all of them or at the very least you can all of them or at the very least you can all of them or at the very least you can be scanning if everything that is being be scanning if everything that is being be scanning if everything that is being done in the meetings actually aligns done in the meetings actually aligns done in the meetings actually aligns with the road map that you set up. with the road map that you set up. with the road map that you set up. That's extremely powerful. Another That's extremely powerful. Another That's extremely powerful. Another example would be as chief marketing example would be as chief marketing example would be as chief marketing officer overseeing the entire marketing officer overseeing the entire marketing officer overseeing the entire marketing department and having a meeting analyzer department and having a meeting analyzer department and having a meeting analyzer like this for each marketing meeting like this for each marketing meeting like this for each marketing meeting that happens and then just getting these that happens and then just getting these that happens and then just getting these reports and seeing what uncomfortable reports and seeing what uncomfortable reports and seeing what uncomfortable truths are being avoided in the truths are being avoided in the truths are being avoided in the meetings. That's usually where the meetings. That's usually where the meetings. That's usually where the growth opportunities hide. I want to growth opportunities hide. I want to growth opportunities hide. I want to show you one more thing to round this show you one more thing to round this show you one more thing to round this out though. So this entire automation is out though. So this entire automation is out though. So this entire automation is happening in make but as I told you happening in make but as I told you happening in make but as I told you we're using air tableable as a database we're using air tableable as a database we're using air tableable as a database and what we did here within Air Table is and what we did here within Air Table is and what we did here within Air Table is set up a so-called interface. This is set up a so-called interface. This is set up a so-called interface. This is something that they have on their something that they have on their something that they have on their premium plans where it gives me this premium plans where it gives me this premium plans where it gives me this manager dashboard and once the manager dashboard and once the manager dashboard and once the automation is working, I don't have to automation is working, I don't have to automation is working, I don't have to bother with that anymore. That's the bother with that anymore. That's the bother with that anymore. That's the whole point, right? As an active whole point, right? As an active whole point, right? As an active operator in my own company, I actually operator in my own company, I actually operator in my own company, I actually want to go in here and interact with want to go in here and interact with want to go in here and interact with this easily. And this interface that we this easily. And this interface that we this easily. And this interface that we built here does that. So you can see the built here does that. So you can see the built here does that. So you can see the various content meetings show up here. various content meetings show up here. various content meetings show up here. And it doesn't just link to the Google And it doesn't just link to the Google And it doesn't just link to the Google doc and the recording. It shows me the doc and the recording. It shows me the doc and the recording. It shows me the entire custom summary. So right here, I entire custom summary. So right here, I entire custom summary. So right here, I can see all the uncomfortable truths can see all the uncomfortable truths can see all the uncomfortable truths from within here. And I have the same from within here. And I have the same from within here. And I have the same thing running for all our weekly team thing running for all our weekly team thing running for all our weekly team meetings, which is kind of a all hands meetings, which is kind of a all hands meetings, which is kind of a all hands meeting, whereas the content meeting is meeting, whereas the content meeting is meeting, whereas the content meeting is focused on the YouTube channel. And focused on the YouTube channel. And focused on the YouTube channel. And that's the power of this. If you set it that's the power of this. If you set it that's the power of this. If you set it up once, you can create these dashboards up once, you can create these dashboards up once, you can create these dashboards for executive functions within a company for executive functions within a company for executive functions within a company and give them a level of insight that and give them a level of insight that and give them a level of insight that would never be possible manually. It would never be possible manually. It would never be possible manually. It wouldn't be possible without LMS to wouldn't be possible without LMS to wouldn't be possible without LMS to analyze the transcripts. It wouldn't be analyze the transcripts. It wouldn't be analyze the transcripts. It wouldn't be possible without this digital work possible without this digital work possible without this digital work revolution where everybody's using revolution where everybody's using revolution where everybody's using Google Meets, Zoom, etc. to meet Google Meets, Zoom, etc. to meet Google Meets, Zoom, etc. to meet remotely. And it also wouldn't be remotely. And it also wouldn't be remotely. And it also wouldn't be possible with tools like make that possible with tools like make that possible with tools like make that connect all of these variables and connect all of these variables and connect all of these variables and produce results like this in the end. So produce results like this in the end. So produce results like this in the end. So I hope this was helpful. You can find I hope this was helpful. You can find I hope this was helpful. You can find the blueprint in the description below. the blueprint in the description below. the blueprint in the description below. And again, a big thank you to Make for And again, a big thank you to Make for And again, a big thank you to Make for actually pushing us to create this video actually pushing us to create this video actually pushing us to create this video and to show you some of the advanced and to show you some of the advanced and to show you some of the advanced workflows that are actually working for workflows that are actually working for workflows that are actually working for us. All right, my name is Igor and I us. All right, my name is Igor and I us. All right, my name is Igor and I hope you have a wonderful
