Title: 50+ INSANE Ways To Use Nano Banana (For FREE)
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

People are doing some absolutely wild People are doing some absolutely wild People are doing some absolutely wild things with the new Google image model things with the new Google image model things with the new Google image model that everybody's been calling nano that everybody's been calling nano that everybody's been calling nano banana. Things like the ability to do banana. Things like the ability to do banana. Things like the ability to do this or the ability to completely change this or the ability to completely change this or the ability to completely change the character that you're seeing on the the character that you're seeing on the the character that you're seeing on the screen like I'm doing right now. So, in screen like I'm doing right now. So, in screen like I'm doing right now. So, in this video, I want to give you a deep this video, I want to give you a deep this video, I want to give you a deep dive breakdown of all of the coolest dive breakdown of all of the coolest dive breakdown of all of the coolest ways I've seen people using Nano Banana. ways I've seen people using Nano Banana. ways I've seen people using Nano Banana. We've got like 50 different use cases of We've got like 50 different use cases of We've got like 50 different use cases of Nano Banana. This is going to be a Nano Banana. This is going to be a Nano Banana. This is going to be a rapidfire video where I just rattle off rapidfire video where I just rattle off rapidfire video where I just rattle off tons of different ways to use it. And tons of different ways to use it. And tons of different ways to use it. And the idea being that this gets your the idea being that this gets your the idea being that this gets your creative juices flowing and you really creative juices flowing and you really creative juices flowing and you really get a grasp of how powerful this model get a grasp of how powerful this model get a grasp of how powerful this model is and how many different things you can is and how many different things you can is and how many different things you can do with it. Now, before I get into it, I do with it. Now, before I get into it, I do with it. Now, before I get into it, I do want to share a quick resource that I do want to share a quick resource that I do want to share a quick resource that I think a lot of people will find helpful. think a lot of people will find helpful. think a lot of people will find helpful. Google itself actually put out a Google itself actually put out a Google itself actually put out a prompting guide to show you how to get prompting guide to show you how to get prompting guide to show you how to get the best results out of Nano Banana. I the best results out of Nano Banana. I the best results out of Nano Banana. I will make sure it's linked up below, but will make sure it's linked up below, but will make sure it's linked up below, but when you're on this page here, click on when you're on this page here, click on when you're on this page here, click on image editing. They do give you some image editing. They do give you some image editing. They do give you some prompts for image generation, but it's prompts for image generation, but it's prompts for image generation, but it's not good at image generation. It's not good at image generation. It's not good at image generation. It's amazing at image editing though. Scroll amazing at image editing though. Scroll amazing at image editing though. Scroll down and you'll see a whole bunch of down and you'll see a whole bunch of down and you'll see a whole bunch of prompts for generating images and we prompts for generating images and we prompts for generating images and we will play with some of those throughout will play with some of those throughout will play with some of those throughout this video. I've made several videos this video. I've made several videos this video. I've made several videos where I talk about Nano Banana. I don't where I talk about Nano Banana. I don't where I talk about Nano Banana. I don't want to get too deep into how to use it. want to get too deep into how to use it. want to get too deep into how to use it. My favorite place to use it right now is My favorite place to use it right now is My favorite place to use it right now is through Google's AI Studio, but you can through Google's AI Studio, but you can through Google's AI Studio, but you can also use it over on Gemini. You can use also use it over on Gemini. You can use also use it over on Gemini. You can use it in Higsfield. You can use it in Crea. it in Higsfield. You can use it in Crea. it in Higsfield. You can use it in Crea. You can use it in Freepic. You can use You can use it in Freepic. You can use You can use it in Freepic. You can use it in Adobe Firefly. Pretty much all the it in Adobe Firefly. Pretty much all the it in Adobe Firefly. Pretty much all the platforms have this new model in it, but platforms have this new model in it, but platforms have this new model in it, but I'm going to use Google AI Studio for I'm going to use Google AI Studio for I'm going to use Google AI Studio for these examples. It's really good at these examples. It's really good at these examples. It's really good at taking images of two different people taking images of two different people taking images of two different people and blending them together. Like this and blending them together. Like this and blending them together. Like this example of Billy Isish, Michael Jackson, example of Billy Isish, Michael Jackson, example of Billy Isish, Michael Jackson, and then a selfie of the two of them and then a selfie of the two of them and then a selfie of the two of them together. If I give it an image of together. If I give it an image of together. If I give it an image of myself and an image of Keano Reeves and myself and an image of Keano Reeves and myself and an image of Keano Reeves and say, "Put these two people together say, "Put these two people together say, "Put these two people together during a fancy gala taking a selfie during a fancy gala taking a selfie during a fancy gala taking a selfie together," I get this image. I don't together," I get this image. I don't together," I get this image. I don't know why it made us holding hands, but know why it made us holding hands, but know why it made us holding hands, but it did what I asked for. It's also it did what I asked for. It's also it did what I asked for. It's also really good at removing people from really good at removing people from really good at removing people from images if there's someone in the image images if there's someone in the image images if there's someone in the image that you don't want there. If I take that you don't want there. If I take that you don't want there. If I take this image that I took in Hawaii of all this image that I took in Hawaii of all this image that I took in Hawaii of all the sea turtles on the beach, but I want the sea turtles on the beach, but I want the sea turtles on the beach, but I want to get rid of all the people in the to get rid of all the people in the to get rid of all the people in the background, I can give it the prompt background, I can give it the prompt background, I can give it the prompt remove all the people in the background. remove all the people in the background. remove all the people in the background. Upload my image. I get an image back Upload my image. I get an image back Upload my image. I get an image back that's the exact same image, but with that's the exact same image, but with that's the exact same image, but with all of the people removed. It's really all of the people removed. It's really all of the people removed. It's really good at removing objects as well. Here's good at removing objects as well. Here's good at removing objects as well. Here's an image I took in Colorado recently, an image I took in Colorado recently, an image I took in Colorado recently, but I want to get rid of the traffic but I want to get rid of the traffic but I want to get rid of the traffic cone and the construction sign here. cone and the construction sign here. cone and the construction sign here. Google's prompting guide actually has Google's prompting guide actually has Google's prompting guide actually has instructions for this. So, I'm going to instructions for this. So, I'm going to instructions for this. So, I'm going to go ahead and use the prompt that they go ahead and use the prompt that they go ahead and use the prompt that they created here and use that on my image created here and use that on my image created here and use that on my image using the provided image of Colorado. using the provided image of Colorado. using the provided image of Colorado. Please remove the traffic cone and Please remove the traffic cone and Please remove the traffic cone and construction sign from the scene. Ensure construction sign from the scene. Ensure construction sign from the scene. Ensure the change is description of how the the change is description of how the the change is description of how the change should integrate. I'm just going change should integrate. I'm just going change should integrate. I'm just going to remove that. I think it will know to to remove that. I think it will know to to remove that. I think it will know to just remove these things. And we can run just remove these things. And we can run just remove these things. And we can run it. And we get an image back with those it. And we get an image back with those it. And we get an image back with those elements removed. Let's take a closer elements removed. Let's take a closer elements removed. Let's take a closer look. You can see everything's still in look. You can see everything's still in look. You can see everything's still in there, but it removed the cone and the there, but it removed the cone and the there, but it removed the cone and the little traffic sign. The rest of the little traffic sign. The rest of the little traffic sign. The rest of the image stayed exactly the same. It's image stayed exactly the same. It's image stayed exactly the same. It's great at replacing objects. Here's an great at replacing objects. Here's an great at replacing objects. Here's an image of me looking at my phone. If I image of me looking at my phone. If I image of me looking at my phone. If I tell it to replace the phone in the tell it to replace the phone in the tell it to replace the phone in the person's hand with a banana, well, we person's hand with a banana, well, we person's hand with a banana, well, we get me holding a banana. I can change get me holding a banana. I can change get me holding a banana. I can change the location of where the photo was the location of where the photo was the location of where the photo was taken. So, let's go ahead and copy this taken. So, let's go ahead and copy this taken. So, let's go ahead and copy this image. Paste it back down into our image. Paste it back down into our image. Paste it back down into our prompt box here and say, put this person prompt box here and say, put this person prompt box here and say, put this person holding a banana in a monkey enclosure holding a banana in a monkey enclosure holding a banana in a monkey enclosure at the zoo. And here I am holding a at the zoo. And here I am holding a at the zoo. And here I am holding a banana inside the monkey enclosure at banana inside the monkey enclosure at banana inside the monkey enclosure at the zoo. I can rotate the person in the the zoo. I can rotate the person in the the zoo. I can rotate the person in the image. Let's take our image from right image. Let's take our image from right image. Let's take our image from right here. Copy our image, paste the image here. Copy our image, paste the image here. Copy our image, paste the image back into our prompt box, and give it back into our prompt box, and give it back into our prompt box, and give it the prompt. Change the camera angle so the prompt. Change the camera angle so the prompt. Change the camera angle so that it's looking at this person from that it's looking at this person from that it's looking at this person from the side. And we get an image of myself the side. And we get an image of myself the side. And we get an image of myself looking at a banana from the side view. looking at a banana from the side view. looking at a banana from the side view. and it's super accurate. Maybe you need and it's super accurate. Maybe you need and it's super accurate. Maybe you need a professional headsh shot, but all you a professional headsh shot, but all you a professional headsh shot, but all you have is an image you took quickly on have is an image you took quickly on have is an image you took quickly on your computer. Toss that image into Nana your computer. Toss that image into Nana your computer. Toss that image into Nana Banana. Give it the prompt, make a Banana. Give it the prompt, make a Banana. Give it the prompt, make a professional studio quality headsh shot professional studio quality headsh shot professional studio quality headsh shot of this person and looking pretty sharp. of this person and looking pretty sharp. of this person and looking pretty sharp. Pretty pretty pretty good. Want a full Pretty pretty pretty good. Want a full Pretty pretty pretty good. Want a full body version of the image? Just tell it body version of the image? Just tell it body version of the image? Just tell it create a full body professional photo of create a full body professional photo of create a full body professional photo of this person. A few seconds later, it did this person. A few seconds later, it did this person. A few seconds later, it did just that. Now, it does lose quality a just that. Now, it does lose quality a just that. Now, it does lose quality a little bit, especially when like the little bit, especially when like the little bit, especially when like the head gets a little bit smaller, so you head gets a little bit smaller, so you head gets a little bit smaller, so you probably want to run it through an probably want to run it through an probably want to run it through an upscaler, but it's totally capable of upscaler, but it's totally capable of upscaler, but it's totally capable of doing what we asked it to. Maybe you doing what we asked it to. Maybe you doing what we asked it to. Maybe you want to see how you'd look in a specific want to see how you'd look in a specific want to see how you'd look in a specific outfit, like maybe this outfit could outfit, like maybe this outfit could outfit, like maybe this outfit could look cool on me. Upload an image of look cool on me. Upload an image of look cool on me. Upload an image of yourself and then upload an image of the yourself and then upload an image of the yourself and then upload an image of the outfit that you want to put on. Google outfit that you want to put on. Google outfit that you want to put on. Google gives us a very specific prompt that gives us a very specific prompt that gives us a very specific prompt that works well for this, so let's go ahead works well for this, so let's go ahead works well for this, so let's go ahead and use it. Create a new image by and use it. Create a new image by and use it. Create a new image by combining the elements from the provided combining the elements from the provided combining the elements from the provided images. Take the person from image one images. Take the person from image one images. Take the person from image one and give them the outfit from image two. and give them the outfit from image two. and give them the outfit from image two. The final image should be the person in The final image should be the person in The final image should be the person in the first image wearing the clothes of the first image wearing the clothes of the first image wearing the clothes of the person in the second. And just like the person in the second. And just like the person in the second. And just like that, I know what I would look like that, I know what I would look like that, I know what I would look like inside of this outfit. Want to try a inside of this outfit. Want to try a inside of this outfit. Want to try a different hairstyle? Upload an image of different hairstyle? Upload an image of different hairstyle? Upload an image of yourself. Upload an image of the yourself. Upload an image of the yourself. Upload an image of the hairstyle you want to try. Let's use our hairstyle you want to try. Let's use our hairstyle you want to try. Let's use our same prompt again and just tweak it a same prompt again and just tweak it a same prompt again and just tweak it a little bit to get it to add the little bit to get it to add the little bit to get it to add the hairstyle. We'll give it this prompt hairstyle. We'll give it this prompt hairstyle. We'll give it this prompt here. And well, it tried its best. You here. And well, it tried its best. You here. And well, it tried its best. You can also do the same thing by just can also do the same thing by just can also do the same thing by just giving the original image and giving it giving the original image and giving it giving the original image and giving it a text prompt of what you want, like a text prompt of what you want, like a text prompt of what you want, like give this person a colorful mohawk. And give this person a colorful mohawk. And give this person a colorful mohawk. And honestly, I actually think it kind of honestly, I actually think it kind of honestly, I actually think it kind of did a better job than when I combined did a better job than when I combined did a better job than when I combined the two images. You can have it change the two images. You can have it change the two images. You can have it change the color of objects on an image. Like, the color of objects on an image. Like, the color of objects on an image. Like, let's say I want to change the color of let's say I want to change the color of let's say I want to change the color of this green chair to purple. We'll pull this green chair to purple. We'll pull this green chair to purple. We'll pull in the image, give it the prompt, change in the image, give it the prompt, change in the image, give it the prompt, change the color of the green chair in the the color of the green chair in the the color of the green chair in the foreground to a purple chair. And foreground to a purple chair. And foreground to a purple chair. And without changing anything else in the without changing anything else in the without changing anything else in the image, we have a purple chair instead of image, we have a purple chair instead of image, we have a purple chair instead of a green chair. It can also colorize a green chair. It can also colorize a green chair. It can also colorize images. Here's a black and white image I images. Here's a black and white image I images. Here's a black and white image I found online. Toss it in. Give it the found online. Toss it in. Give it the found online. Toss it in. Give it the prompt. Colorize this image. 7.8 seconds prompt. Colorize this image. 7.8 seconds prompt. Colorize this image. 7.8 seconds later, we have a perfectly colorized later, we have a perfectly colorized later, we have a perfectly colorized version of this image. Let's take this version of this image. Let's take this version of this image. Let's take this exact image, paste it back into the exact image, paste it back into the exact image, paste it back into the prompt box, and say, make the colors prompt box, and say, make the colors prompt box, and say, make the colors more vibrant, colorful, and modern. 9 more vibrant, colorful, and modern. 9 more vibrant, colorful, and modern. 9 seconds later, we have an even more seconds later, we have an even more seconds later, we have an even more colorful version of the same image. You colorful version of the same image. You colorful version of the same image. You can also change the perspective on an can also change the perspective on an can also change the perspective on an image. Let's take our image here and image. Let's take our image here and image. Let's take our image here and give it the prompt, give me the view of give it the prompt, give me the view of give it the prompt, give me the view of this from above looking down on the two this from above looking down on the two this from above looking down on the two women. And 9 seconds later, we have this women. And 9 seconds later, we have this women. And 9 seconds later, we have this image from a different angle looking at image from a different angle looking at image from a different angle looking at these two women. And if we look back at these two women. And if we look back at these two women. And if we look back at our original image, I mean, they're in our original image, I mean, they're in our original image, I mean, they're in the same pose and everything, just a the same pose and everything, just a the same pose and everything, just a different angle on it. Here's another different angle on it. Here's another different angle on it. Here's another example from Henry Derez here where they example from Henry Derez here where they example from Henry Derez here where they did it with a cartoon scene. and they did it with a cartoon scene. and they did it with a cartoon scene. and they took this input image, asked it to took this input image, asked it to took this input image, asked it to change the perspective looking down, and change the perspective looking down, and change the perspective looking down, and it gave it this image. And you can see it gave it this image. And you can see it gave it this image. And you can see it's the same room, same color, same it's the same room, same color, same it's the same room, same color, same person, just a different perspective. person, just a different perspective. person, just a different perspective. Want to make a newer image look older? Want to make a newer image look older? Want to make a newer image look older? Give it a prompt like this. Change this Give it a prompt like this. Change this Give it a prompt like this. Change this photo to an image that looks like it was photo to an image that looks like it was photo to an image that looks like it was taken in the 1940s. Change the man's taken in the 1940s. Change the man's taken in the 1940s. Change the man's outfit to look similar to what a man outfit to look similar to what a man outfit to look similar to what a man from that era would wear. A few seconds from that era would wear. A few seconds from that era would wear. A few seconds later, we get a black and white image later, we get a black and white image later, we get a black and white image with some actual like old grainy effects with some actual like old grainy effects with some actual like old grainy effects on it and me wearing a completely on it and me wearing a completely on it and me wearing a completely different outfit. more representative of different outfit. more representative of different outfit. more representative of the era. And here's what it did for the the era. And here's what it did for the the era. And here's what it did for the 50s, the 60s, the 70s, the 80s, and the 50s, the 60s, the 70s, the 80s, and the 50s, the 60s, the 70s, the 80s, and the 90s. Probably pretty accurate, although 90s. Probably pretty accurate, although 90s. Probably pretty accurate, although I think they'd be in color for a few of I think they'd be in color for a few of I think they'd be in color for a few of these eras. Don't know why it made them these eras. Don't know why it made them these eras. Don't know why it made them black and white, but I think it got the black and white, but I think it got the black and white, but I think it got the clothing bright for the era. Want to put clothing bright for the era. Want to put clothing bright for the era. Want to put yourself on a magazine cover? Use a yourself on a magazine cover? Use a yourself on a magazine cover? Use a prompt like, "Put this person on the prompt like, "Put this person on the prompt like, "Put this person on the cover of People magazine sexiest man cover of People magazine sexiest man cover of People magazine sexiest man alive issue." And the nano banana alive issue." And the nano banana alive issue." And the nano banana obliges. Apparently, if I add to the obliges. Apparently, if I add to the obliges. Apparently, if I add to the prompt, make him posing for the camera prompt, make him posing for the camera prompt, make him posing for the camera in a sexy way. This is my sexy pose. in a sexy way. This is my sexy pose. in a sexy way. This is my sexy pose. Also, ignore the fact that it actually Also, ignore the fact that it actually Also, ignore the fact that it actually says sexist man alive. You can use this says sexist man alive. You can use this says sexist man alive. You can use this same technique to make movie posters. I same technique to make movie posters. I same technique to make movie posters. I love that I look kind of like Iron Man, love that I look kind of like Iron Man, love that I look kind of like Iron Man, but only from the waist up. And to make but only from the waist up. And to make but only from the waist up. And to make wanted posters. I didn't tell it to say wanted posters. I didn't tell it to say wanted posters. I didn't tell it to say this, but it says alias the grumpy this, but it says alias the grumpy this, but it says alias the grumpy gurup. And I'm wanted for crimes against gurup. And I'm wanted for crimes against gurup. And I'm wanted for crimes against sunshine and positive vibes. Reward a sunshine and positive vibes. Reward a sunshine and positive vibes. Reward a coffee and some kind words. I didn't coffee and some kind words. I didn't coffee and some kind words. I didn't tell the model to do that. You can also tell the model to do that. You can also tell the model to do that. You can also change the style of an image like you do change the style of an image like you do change the style of an image like you do with the OpenAI image model. Just give with the OpenAI image model. Just give with the OpenAI image model. Just give it a prompt like change the style of it a prompt like change the style of it a prompt like change the style of this image to look like a scene from this image to look like a scene from this image to look like a scene from Studio Giblly movie and it'll make an Studio Giblly movie and it'll make an Studio Giblly movie and it'll make an image that looks somewhat similar to a image that looks somewhat similar to a image that looks somewhat similar to a Studio Gibli style image. But what works Studio Gibli style image. But what works Studio Gibli style image. But what works even better is when you transfer the even better is when you transfer the even better is when you transfer the style from another image. So if I give style from another image. So if I give style from another image. So if I give it this same original image, give it a it this same original image, give it a it this same original image, give it a screenshot from a Studio Giblly movie, screenshot from a Studio Giblly movie, screenshot from a Studio Giblly movie, and then we can give it the prompt here and then we can give it the prompt here and then we can give it the prompt here that Google suggests to use, paste it that Google suggests to use, paste it that Google suggests to use, paste it in, transform the provided photograph of in, transform the provided photograph of in, transform the provided photograph of the two people into the artistic style the two people into the artistic style the two people into the artistic style of Studio Gibli, preserve the original of Studio Gibli, preserve the original of Studio Gibli, preserve the original composition, but render it with the composition, but render it with the composition, but render it with the style of image, too. And we get style of image, too. And we get style of image, too. And we get something that looks much closer to what something that looks much closer to what something that looks much closer to what you'd expect from a Studio Giblly style you'd expect from a Studio Giblly style you'd expect from a Studio Giblly style shot. The same technique also works if shot. The same technique also works if shot. The same technique also works if you give it a GTA 5 image and tell it to you give it a GTA 5 image and tell it to you give it a GTA 5 image and tell it to style it that way. Another really cool style it that way. Another really cool style it that way. Another really cool use case that I came across from Mad use case that I came across from Mad use case that I came across from Mad Pencil here was styling just a portion Pencil here was styling just a portion Pencil here was styling just a portion of the image. You could see she gave it of the image. You could see she gave it of the image. You could see she gave it this original image here, asked it to this original image here, asked it to this original image here, asked it to just make the ramen bowl and ramen look just make the ramen bowl and ramen look just make the ramen bowl and ramen look like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime. And like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime. And like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime. And this was the final result. Everything this was the final result. Everything this was the final result. Everything else stayed the same, but just the bowl else stayed the same, but just the bowl else stayed the same, but just the bowl of ramen turned into a cartoon. You of ramen turned into a cartoon. You of ramen turned into a cartoon. You could use it to add text to an image. could use it to add text to an image. could use it to add text to an image. Add the text subscribe to Matt Wolf in Add the text subscribe to Matt Wolf in Add the text subscribe to Matt Wolf in the background. The text should be the background. The text should be the background. The text should be behind the person in the photo. Here's behind the person in the photo. Here's behind the person in the photo. Here's what that created. Pretty basic. I asked what that created. Pretty basic. I asked what that created. Pretty basic. I asked it to make the text in the image much it to make the text in the image much it to make the text in the image much larger and make it appear like the larger and make it appear like the larger and make it appear like the person's in front of the text. And well, person's in front of the text. And well, person's in front of the text. And well, it just gave me back the same image. And it just gave me back the same image. And it just gave me back the same image. And I've tried this a few times now off I've tried this a few times now off I've tried this a few times now off camera and kept getting the same thing. camera and kept getting the same thing. camera and kept getting the same thing. So, I guess manipulating text like that So, I guess manipulating text like that So, I guess manipulating text like that is still sort of a blind spot for this is still sort of a blind spot for this is still sort of a blind spot for this model. probably something I would still model. probably something I would still model. probably something I would still want to do in like a Photoshop or Canva. want to do in like a Photoshop or Canva. want to do in like a Photoshop or Canva. Now, I've seen other examples where Now, I've seen other examples where Now, I've seen other examples where people were able to change the text on people were able to change the text on people were able to change the text on billboards. I was just having an issue a billboards. I was just having an issue a billboards. I was just having an issue a second ago with text, but let's see what second ago with text, but let's see what second ago with text, but let's see what happens when I try this. Change the text happens when I try this. Change the text happens when I try this. Change the text on the billboard that says billboard on the billboard that says billboard on the billboard that says billboard mockup to text that says check out mockup to text that says check out mockup to text that says check out futuretools.io. And would you look at futuretools.io. And would you look at futuretools.io. And would you look at that? It actually nailed it the first that? It actually nailed it the first that? It actually nailed it the first time. Let's take a closer look here. And time. Let's take a closer look here. And time. Let's take a closer look here. And everything's spelled right. It left the everything's spelled right. It left the everything's spelled right. It left the rest of the text the same as it was. So, rest of the text the same as it was. So, rest of the text the same as it was. So, sometimes working with text works really sometimes working with text works really sometimes working with text works really well. And for whatever reason, sometimes well. And for whatever reason, sometimes well. And for whatever reason, sometimes it's a little wonky. You know what the it's a little wonky. You know what the it's a little wonky. You know what the hardest part about keeping up with AI hardest part about keeping up with AI hardest part about keeping up with AI is? It moves way too fast. Just blink is? It moves way too fast. Just blink is? It moves way too fast. Just blink for a second and there's a brand new for a second and there's a brand new for a second and there's a brand new model. Like a crazy tool launch or some model. Like a crazy tool launch or some model. Like a crazy tool launch or some company making headlines for all the company making headlines for all the company making headlines for all the wrong reasons. Most people simply don't wrong reasons. Most people simply don't wrong reasons. Most people simply don't have the time to track it all. And have the time to track it all. And have the time to track it all. And that's why for this video, I partnered that's why for this video, I partnered that's why for this video, I partnered with with with myself the well, the Future Tools myself the well, the Future Tools myself the well, the Future Tools newsletter. It's completely free, goes newsletter. It's completely free, goes newsletter. It's completely free, goes out twice a week, and it's basically out twice a week, and it's basically out twice a week, and it's basically your shortcut to staying ahead of the AI your shortcut to staying ahead of the AI your shortcut to staying ahead of the AI curve. Every Wednesday and Friday, I curve. Every Wednesday and Friday, I curve. Every Wednesday and Friday, I round up the biggest AI news, the most round up the biggest AI news, the most round up the biggest AI news, the most useful new tools, and the stories that useful new tools, and the stories that useful new tools, and the stories that actually matter without you needing to actually matter without you needing to actually matter without you needing to doom scroll X or dig through a 100 doom scroll X or dig through a 100 doom scroll X or dig through a 100 blogs. And here's the best part. When blogs. And here's the best part. When blogs. And here's the best part. When you sign up today, you instantly get you sign up today, you instantly get you sign up today, you instantly get free access to the AI income database. free access to the AI income database. free access to the AI income database. It's a giant resource that shows you It's a giant resource that shows you It's a giant resource that shows you dozens of different ways people are dozens of different ways people are dozens of different ways people are making money with AI, complete with the making money with AI, complete with the making money with AI, complete with the methods, the process, and the exact methods, the process, and the exact methods, the process, and the exact tools you need to try it yourself. tools you need to try it yourself. tools you need to try it yourself. Totally free just for subscribing. So, Totally free just for subscribing. So, Totally free just for subscribing. So, if you're into AI tech or just don't if you're into AI tech or just don't if you're into AI tech or just don't want to fall behind, head on over to want to fall behind, head on over to want to fall behind, head on over to futuretools.io, futuretools.io, futuretools.io, drop in your email, and you'll be drop in your email, and you'll be drop in your email, and you'll be plugged into the smartest corner of the plugged into the smartest corner of the plugged into the smartest corner of the AI world, thank you so much to me for AI world, thank you so much to me for AI world, thank you so much to me for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get sponsoring this video. Now, let's get sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back to it. Another thing it's really back to it. Another thing it's really back to it. Another thing it's really good at is character consistency. So, if good at is character consistency. So, if good at is character consistency. So, if you're trying to create a whole bunch of you're trying to create a whole bunch of you're trying to create a whole bunch of shots for like a AI generated film or shots for like a AI generated film or shots for like a AI generated film or something like that, but you want the something like that, but you want the something like that, but you want the character to look the same in every character to look the same in every character to look the same in every single shot, this works beautifully for single shot, this works beautifully for single shot, this works beautifully for that. So, I went over to Leonardo, that. So, I went over to Leonardo, that. So, I went over to Leonardo, created this little green alien created this little green alien created this little green alien character. I think I like this one here. character. I think I like this one here. character. I think I like this one here. So, let's use this character. Now, if we So, let's use this character. Now, if we So, let's use this character. Now, if we pull in our character, this is our pull in our character, this is our pull in our character, this is our reference image. And if we use this reference image. And if we use this reference image. And if we use this every time, we should get the same every time, we should get the same every time, we should get the same character every time. Make the character character every time. Make the character character every time. Make the character in this image riding a bike. We've got in this image riding a bike. We've got in this image riding a bike. We've got our little green dude riding a bike. our little green dude riding a bike. our little green dude riding a bike. Here's our character shooting a Here's our character shooting a Here's our character shooting a basketball, our character holding hands basketball, our character holding hands basketball, our character holding hands with his girlfriend, him dressed up in a with his girlfriend, him dressed up in a with his girlfriend, him dressed up in a nice suit for a fancy dinner, working in nice suit for a fancy dinner, working in nice suit for a fancy dinner, working in a boring desk job that he hates, and a boring desk job that he hates, and a boring desk job that he hates, and finally getting a selfie with his finally getting a selfie with his finally getting a selfie with his biggest fan. But as you can see, we've biggest fan. But as you can see, we've biggest fan. But as you can see, we've got character consistency in all of got character consistency in all of got character consistency in all of these images. There's no doubt that these images. There's no doubt that these images. There's no doubt that that's the same character every single that's the same character every single that's the same character every single time. I also learned from Jared Lou here time. I also learned from Jared Lou here time. I also learned from Jared Lou here that you can actually annotate images. that you can actually annotate images. that you can actually annotate images. Give it an image and actually put the Give it an image and actually put the Give it an image and actually put the prompt that you want to happen directly prompt that you want to happen directly prompt that you want to happen directly inside the image. In this example, he inside the image. In this example, he inside the image. In this example, he used Canva, gave it a background image used Canva, gave it a background image used Canva, gave it a background image of like a living room, gave it a picture of like a living room, gave it a picture of like a living room, gave it a picture of a woman, said woman standing here, of a woman, said woman standing here, of a woman, said woman standing here, white rug on the ground, man sitting on white rug on the ground, man sitting on white rug on the ground, man sitting on sofa, plant in the corner, and then sofa, plant in the corner, and then sofa, plant in the corner, and then literally gave it the prompt, complete literally gave it the prompt, complete literally gave it the prompt, complete the prompts in the image. That was the the prompts in the image. That was the the prompts in the image. That was the whole prompt. And here was the output whole prompt. And here was the output whole prompt. And here was the output image. Now, there is a limit to how many image. Now, there is a limit to how many image. Now, there is a limit to how many images you can upload at one time into images you can upload at one time into images you can upload at one time into Nano Banana. But if you want to get a Nano Banana. But if you want to get a Nano Banana. But if you want to get a ton of images all into a single prompt, ton of images all into a single prompt, ton of images all into a single prompt, there's a workaround. You can actually there's a workaround. You can actually there's a workaround. You can actually go and use something like Canva, toss go and use something like Canva, toss go and use something like Canva, toss all the images into a single image and all the images into a single image and all the images into a single image and then prompt with that. So I quickly made then prompt with that. So I quickly made then prompt with that. So I quickly made this sort of collage of a bunch of this sort of collage of a bunch of this sort of collage of a bunch of different items inside of Canva. Now if different items inside of Canva. Now if different items inside of Canva. Now if I upload this image into Google's AI I upload this image into Google's AI I upload this image into Google's AI studio and say create an image of a desk studio and say create an image of a desk studio and say create an image of a desk that has all of these items neatly that has all of these items neatly that has all of these items neatly organized on top of it, look at what it organized on top of it, look at what it organized on top of it, look at what it generated for us. We got our drone, our generated for us. We got our drone, our generated for us. We got our drone, our speaker, our old radio, this glass thing speaker, our old radio, this glass thing speaker, our old radio, this glass thing in the background, some giant SD cards, in the background, some giant SD cards, in the background, some giant SD cards, but I mean look at this image. Look at but I mean look at this image. Look at but I mean look at this image. Look at the image I made in Canva here. It got the image I made in Canva here. It got the image I made in Canva here. It got every single element into this image, every single element into this image, every single element into this image, including this random old school little including this random old school little including this random old school little glass thing. That to me is really glass thing. That to me is really glass thing. That to me is really impressive. You can apparently do stick impressive. You can apparently do stick impressive. You can apparently do stick figure annotation. Give it two different figure annotation. Give it two different figure annotation. Give it two different images of two different characters and images of two different characters and images of two different characters and then draw the stick figures of what then draw the stick figures of what then draw the stick figures of what should be happening in that image. So should be happening in that image. So should be happening in that image. So you can see the person on the right is you can see the person on the right is you can see the person on the right is like jump kicking the person on the like jump kicking the person on the like jump kicking the person on the left. It should be these two characters. left. It should be these two characters. left. It should be these two characters. And it generated that exactly. Want to And it generated that exactly. Want to And it generated that exactly. Want to add branding to your products? Upload add branding to your products? Upload add branding to your products? Upload your logo and say something like, your logo and say something like, your logo and say something like, "Generate an image of a t-shirt with "Generate an image of a t-shirt with "Generate an image of a t-shirt with this logo on it." And we get a nice this logo on it." And we get a nice this logo on it." And we get a nice t-shirt that has that logo on it. But t-shirt that has that logo on it. But t-shirt that has that logo on it. But that's not really that impressive. Let's that's not really that impressive. Let's that's not really that impressive. Let's try create a perfume bottle with this try create a perfume bottle with this try create a perfume bottle with this logo on it. The perfume is called logo on it. The perfume is called logo on it. The perfume is called essence of future. All right, now we're essence of future. All right, now we're essence of future. All right, now we're getting somewhere. This is looking a getting somewhere. This is looking a getting somewhere. This is looking a little more impressive. Now I want to little more impressive. Now I want to little more impressive. Now I want to have like a model holding out this have like a model holding out this have like a model holding out this bottle. So I'll copy the new image here. bottle. So I'll copy the new image here. bottle. So I'll copy the new image here. We'll paste it back into our prompt box. We'll paste it back into our prompt box. We'll paste it back into our prompt box. Create an image of an Instagram Create an image of an Instagram Create an image of an Instagram influencer model holding out a bottle of influencer model holding out a bottle of influencer model holding out a bottle of this perfume to the camera. And we got this perfume to the camera. And we got this perfume to the camera. And we got an Instagram influencer holding out an Instagram influencer holding out an Instagram influencer holding out essence of future to the camera. And essence of future to the camera. And essence of future to the camera. And here's my perfume bottle sitting on the here's my perfume bottle sitting on the here's my perfume bottle sitting on the beach. If you want to change an existing beach. If you want to change an existing beach. If you want to change an existing logo that's already in an image, Punam logo that's already in an image, Punam logo that's already in an image, Punam here shows that you can do that as well. here shows that you can do that as well. here shows that you can do that as well. Here's a picture of Sundar with Google Here's a picture of Sundar with Google Here's a picture of Sundar with Google behind them, but then they swapped out behind them, but then they swapped out behind them, but then they swapped out the image with OpenAI, Microsoft, and the image with OpenAI, Microsoft, and the image with OpenAI, Microsoft, and even XAI, but the foreground is all the even XAI, but the foreground is all the even XAI, but the foreground is all the same image. Need a business card made same image. Need a business card made same image. Need a business card made up? Mock up a black business card with up? Mock up a black business card with up? Mock up a black business card with this logo on it. Uploaded my Future this logo on it. Uploaded my Future this logo on it. Uploaded my Future Tools logo. It should have my name on Tools logo. It should have my name on Tools logo. It should have my name on it, Matt Wolf, as well as our URL. Add it, Matt Wolf, as well as our URL. Add it, Matt Wolf, as well as our URL. Add additional stylized elements to make the additional stylized elements to make the additional stylized elements to make the business card look professional. And business card look professional. And business card look professional. And well, here's the new business card. It well, here's the new business card. It well, here's the new business card. It actually looks pretty clean. I didn't actually looks pretty clean. I didn't actually looks pretty clean. I didn't really give it a whole lot of other really give it a whole lot of other really give it a whole lot of other details, but it add all these like style details, but it add all these like style details, but it add all these like style elements to it to make it look nice. elements to it to make it look nice. elements to it to make it look nice. Need a website mockup? Give it a prompt Need a website mockup? Give it a prompt Need a website mockup? Give it a prompt like mockup a landing page for a site like mockup a landing page for a site like mockup a landing page for a site called Future Tools. Use the logo in the called Future Tools. Use the logo in the called Future Tools. Use the logo in the image provided. The site should be tech image provided. The site should be tech image provided. The site should be tech themed and focused on promoting the themed and focused on promoting the themed and focused on promoting the latest AI technology. And I gave it my latest AI technology. And I gave it my latest AI technology. And I gave it my logo. And here's the landing page mockup logo. And here's the landing page mockup logo. And here's the landing page mockup it gave me. Honestly, not too horrible. it gave me. Honestly, not too horrible. it gave me. Honestly, not too horrible. It's not amazing, but it could give you It's not amazing, but it could give you It's not amazing, but it could give you a good idea for like a color scheme to a good idea for like a color scheme to a good idea for like a color scheme to go with. I don't really like how this go with. I don't really like how this go with. I don't really like how this sidebar is so tight to the image down sidebar is so tight to the image down sidebar is so tight to the image down here. But it did a pretty decent job of here. But it did a pretty decent job of here. But it did a pretty decent job of making something that looks interesting making something that looks interesting making something that looks interesting and quite honestly not too far off from and quite honestly not too far off from and quite honestly not too far off from what my site already looks like. Just go what my site already looks like. Just go what my site already looks like. Just go to futuretools.io io. O, if you need to futuretools.io io. O, if you need to futuretools.io io. O, if you need proof, need to create an online banner proof, need to create an online banner proof, need to create an online banner ad to promote your product, like for ad to promote your product, like for ad to promote your product, like for instance, your latest fragrance. Create instance, your latest fragrance. Create instance, your latest fragrance. Create a banner ad that promotes the fragrance a banner ad that promotes the fragrance a banner ad that promotes the fragrance Essence of Future. Be sure to use the Essence of Future. Be sure to use the Essence of Future. Be sure to use the provided image within the banner ad. provided image within the banner ad. provided image within the banner ad. Here's the banner ad it gave us. Essence Here's the banner ad it gave us. Essence Here's the banner ad it gave us. Essence of Future. Unlock tomorrow's scent. Shop of Future. Unlock tomorrow's scent. Shop of Future. Unlock tomorrow's scent. Shop now. It's a good ad. It could do YouTube now. It's a good ad. It could do YouTube now. It's a good ad. It could do YouTube thumbnails as well, although I thumbnails as well, although I thumbnails as well, although I personally haven't been too impressed personally haven't been too impressed personally haven't been too impressed with the thumbnails it created. It can with the thumbnails it created. It can with the thumbnails it created. It can do it for you and get a pretty close do it for you and get a pretty close do it for you and get a pretty close starting point, I guess. If I give it starting point, I guess. If I give it starting point, I guess. If I give it the prompt, create a clickbay YouTube the prompt, create a clickbay YouTube the prompt, create a clickbay YouTube thumbnail that includes the person in thumbnail that includes the person in thumbnail that includes the person in the image provided, they should be the image provided, they should be the image provided, they should be giving a surprised face. The thumbnail giving a surprised face. The thumbnail giving a surprised face. The thumbnail should be for a video about how to use should be for a video about how to use should be for a video about how to use AI to make wild images. And here's the AI to make wild images. And here's the AI to make wild images. And here's the thumbnail it created. And it's honestly thumbnail it created. And it's honestly thumbnail it created. And it's honestly not horrible. It might actually work. not horrible. It might actually work. not horrible. It might actually work. Definitely not up to my quality Definitely not up to my quality Definitely not up to my quality standards, but again, actually a little standards, but again, actually a little standards, but again, actually a little bit better than I thought it was going bit better than I thought it was going bit better than I thought it was going to do. Nano Banana can help you with to do. Nano Banana can help you with to do. Nano Banana can help you with landscape design. This image that you're landscape design. This image that you're landscape design. This image that you're seeing on my screen is an actual image seeing on my screen is an actual image seeing on my screen is an actual image of my backyard. We actually just had a of my backyard. We actually just had a of my backyard. We actually just had a bunch of construction done to build this bunch of construction done to build this bunch of construction done to build this giant wall. And in the process, all of giant wall. And in the process, all of giant wall. And in the process, all of our landscaping was destroyed to bring our landscaping was destroyed to bring our landscaping was destroyed to bring in all the heavy machines. So, we have in all the heavy machines. So, we have in all the heavy machines. So, we have like this dirt back lot right now. I like this dirt back lot right now. I like this dirt back lot right now. I took this image into Nano Banana and took this image into Nano Banana and took this image into Nano Banana and literally just put beautiful landscaping literally just put beautiful landscaping literally just put beautiful landscaping on this yard. And here's the image that on this yard. And here's the image that on this yard. And here's the image that it gave back. And I can go give this to it gave back. And I can go give this to it gave back. And I can go give this to like a designer now and say, "Hey, help like a designer now and say, "Hey, help like a designer now and say, "Hey, help me make my yard look like this if I me make my yard look like this if I me make my yard look like this if I want." This is an actual image of my want." This is an actual image of my want." This is an actual image of my pool area on my property. Again, pool area on my property. Again, pool area on my property. Again, destroyed by recent work that we had destroyed by recent work that we had destroyed by recent work that we had done. I asked it to redesign it and make done. I asked it to redesign it and make done. I asked it to redesign it and make it look prettier. And here's what it it look prettier. And here's what it it look prettier. And here's what it designed. And it looks pretty good, designed. And it looks pretty good, designed. And it looks pretty good, honestly. Apparently, these flowers grow honestly. Apparently, these flowers grow honestly. Apparently, these flowers grow straight out of my wall. But other than straight out of my wall. But other than straight out of my wall. But other than that, it's a really decent look to it. that, it's a really decent look to it. that, it's a really decent look to it. This can also be used to redesign what's This can also be used to redesign what's This can also be used to redesign what's going on inside of an interior room as going on inside of an interior room as going on inside of an interior room as well. Jacqueline Consleman here shows well. Jacqueline Consleman here shows well. Jacqueline Consleman here shows off an example where she gave it this off an example where she gave it this off an example where she gave it this image and actually circled an area on image and actually circled an area on image and actually circled an area on her wall and said, "Put wallpaper on her wall and said, "Put wallpaper on her wall and said, "Put wallpaper on this part of the wall and then got a this part of the wall and then got a this part of the wall and then got a handful of variations of what different handful of variations of what different handful of variations of what different wallpapers on just that wall would look wallpapers on just that wall would look wallpapers on just that wall would look like." My buddy Balav showed off this like." My buddy Balav showed off this like." My buddy Balav showed off this really cool use case. You can upload really cool use case. You can upload really cool use case. You can upload screenshots of the real world and ask it screenshots of the real world and ask it screenshots of the real world and ask it to annotate stuff for you. Here's the to annotate stuff for you. Here's the to annotate stuff for you. Here's the actual prompt. You are a location-based actual prompt. You are a location-based actual prompt. You are a location-based AR experience generator. highlight and AR experience generator. highlight and AR experience generator. highlight and then you know include a point of then you know include a point of then you know include a point of interest in this image and annotate the interest in this image and annotate the interest in this image and annotate the relevant information about it. Here's an relevant information about it. Here's an relevant information about it. Here's an example of what it did with the Transame example of what it did with the Transame example of what it did with the Transame pyramid in San Francisco, the San pyramid in San Francisco, the San pyramid in San Francisco, the San Francisco Ferry Building, the Palace of Francisco Ferry Building, the Palace of Francisco Ferry Building, the Palace of Fine Arts, and another angle on the Fine Arts, and another angle on the Fine Arts, and another angle on the Palace of Fine Arts. I actually tried Palace of Fine Arts. I actually tried Palace of Fine Arts. I actually tried this one myself in a previous video with this one myself in a previous video with this one myself in a previous video with Petco Park, and it actually highlighted Petco Park, and it actually highlighted Petco Park, and it actually highlighted Petco Park downtown here. Simon here Petco Park downtown here. Simon here Petco Park downtown here. Simon here showed off that you can give it a prompt showed off that you can give it a prompt showed off that you can give it a prompt like, "What does the red arrow see?" like, "What does the red arrow see?" like, "What does the red arrow see?" give it an image like this of the San give it an image like this of the San give it an image like this of the San Francisco Bay and just point a red arrow Francisco Bay and just point a red arrow Francisco Bay and just point a red arrow and it gives you an angle of what it and it gives you an angle of what it and it gives you an angle of what it would see from the red arrow. Now, I'm would see from the red arrow. Now, I'm would see from the red arrow. Now, I'm sure it's not 100% accurate. I I don't sure it's not 100% accurate. I I don't sure it's not 100% accurate. I I don't know if this is exactly what you would know if this is exactly what you would know if this is exactly what you would see in the background, but pretty dang see in the background, but pretty dang see in the background, but pretty dang close and pretty dang impressive. This close and pretty dang impressive. This close and pretty dang impressive. This was another one I had to test myself. was another one I had to test myself. was another one I had to test myself. So, I did it with Petco Park again. Give So, I did it with Petco Park again. Give So, I did it with Petco Park again. Give me an image of the ground view from the me an image of the ground view from the me an image of the ground view from the perspective of the red star. I gave it perspective of the red star. I gave it perspective of the red star. I gave it this image of Petco Park with the red this image of Petco Park with the red this image of Petco Park with the red star right here and it gave me back a star right here and it gave me back a star right here and it gave me back a perspective of what it could look like perspective of what it could look like perspective of what it could look like from that position. Now, I know from from that position. Now, I know from from that position. Now, I know from experience and knowing downtown San experience and knowing downtown San experience and knowing downtown San Diego very well that this isn't quite Diego very well that this isn't quite Diego very well that this isn't quite right, but it is pretty close. A lot of right, but it is pretty close. A lot of right, but it is pretty close. A lot of people have been doing these really cool people have been doing these really cool people have been doing these really cool isometric images of buildings as well. isometric images of buildings as well. isometric images of buildings as well. Harath here gave it this image and gave Harath here gave it this image and gave Harath here gave it this image and gave it the prompt make image daytime and it the prompt make image daytime and it the prompt make image daytime and isometric temple only. and it gave them isometric temple only. and it gave them isometric temple only. and it gave them back this isometric image. Like super back this isometric image. Like super back this isometric image. Like super impressive. Another example from Ilia impressive. Another example from Ilia impressive. Another example from Ilia here. Make image daytime and isometric. here. Make image daytime and isometric. here. Make image daytime and isometric. This was the image they gave. Here's the This was the image they gave. Here's the This was the image they gave. Here's the isometric they got back. I asked it to isometric they got back. I asked it to isometric they got back. I asked it to make an isometric image of Petco Park. make an isometric image of Petco Park. make an isometric image of Petco Park. Exclude the surrounding buildings. Gave Exclude the surrounding buildings. Gave Exclude the surrounding buildings. Gave it an image of Petco Park and got this it an image of Petco Park and got this it an image of Petco Park and got this image back. And it's I think pretty image back. And it's I think pretty image back. And it's I think pretty spoton. Here's the real image of Petco spoton. Here's the real image of Petco spoton. Here's the real image of Petco Park. Here's the isometric image. Park. Here's the isometric image. Park. Here's the isometric image. Swapping back and forth. I think it Swapping back and forth. I think it Swapping back and forth. I think it pretty much nailed it. If you're into pretty much nailed it. If you're into pretty much nailed it. If you're into coloring, you can make coloring pages coloring, you can make coloring pages coloring, you can make coloring pages directly from within Nano Banana. Here's directly from within Nano Banana. Here's directly from within Nano Banana. Here's an image that I made in Leonardo. Let's an image that I made in Leonardo. Let's an image that I made in Leonardo. Let's toss this in. Give it the prompt, toss this in. Give it the prompt, toss this in. Give it the prompt, convert this image into a black and convert this image into a black and convert this image into a black and white outline for a coloring book. And white outline for a coloring book. And white outline for a coloring book. And now I get an image of myself flying on a now I get an image of myself flying on a now I get an image of myself flying on a dragon that I can go and color in. You dragon that I can go and color in. You dragon that I can go and color in. You can also take like a child's drawing and can also take like a child's drawing and can also take like a child's drawing and tell it to make it more realistic. I'll tell it to make it more realistic. I'll tell it to make it more realistic. I'll just give it the prompt, convert this just give it the prompt, convert this just give it the prompt, convert this into an image that looks real. And it into an image that looks real. And it into an image that looks real. And it kind of made it look sort of like a kind of made it look sort of like a kind of made it look sort of like a realworld like painting or like string realworld like painting or like string realworld like painting or like string or something. By tweaking my prompt a or something. By tweaking my prompt a or something. By tweaking my prompt a little bit and using create a real world little bit and using create a real world little bit and using create a real world photo of a house based on the image photo of a house based on the image photo of a house based on the image uploaded, I get something a little bit uploaded, I get something a little bit uploaded, I get something a little bit closer to what I imagined it would do. closer to what I imagined it would do. closer to what I imagined it would do. Now it still kind of looks like chalk Now it still kind of looks like chalk Now it still kind of looks like chalk drawing on the sky, but the house drawing on the sky, but the house drawing on the sky, but the house actually got more realistic, which I actually got more realistic, which I actually got more realistic, which I think is kind of a cool aesthetic. I saw think is kind of a cool aesthetic. I saw think is kind of a cool aesthetic. I saw from Henry Dere here that it can from Henry Dere here that it can from Henry Dere here that it can actually do a pretty decent looking actually do a pretty decent looking actually do a pretty decent looking behindthescenes image. So, I'm uploading behindthescenes image. So, I'm uploading behindthescenes image. So, I'm uploading a shot from one of the Marvel movies and a shot from one of the Marvel movies and a shot from one of the Marvel movies and saying, "Create the behindthe-scenes saying, "Create the behindthe-scenes saying, "Create the behindthe-scenes view of them shooting this movie." And view of them shooting this movie." And view of them shooting this movie." And here was the original image that I here was the original image that I here was the original image that I uploaded. And here's the uploaded. And here's the uploaded. And here's the behind-the-scenes shot that it gave us. behind-the-scenes shot that it gave us. behind-the-scenes shot that it gave us. That is better than I was expecting. That is better than I was expecting. That is better than I was expecting. Again, the original. We can see they're Again, the original. We can see they're Again, the original. We can see they're all in these poses here. And when we all in these poses here. And when we all in these poses here. And when we jump over, they're all kind of in the jump over, they're all kind of in the jump over, they're all kind of in the same poses. I think Jeremy Rener got same poses. I think Jeremy Rener got same poses. I think Jeremy Rener got deleted. You got the lighting, the green deleted. You got the lighting, the green deleted. You got the lighting, the green screens, the cameras. Looks good to me. screens, the cameras. Looks good to me. screens, the cameras. Looks good to me. I've also heard that it's very good at I've also heard that it's very good at I've also heard that it's very good at making sort of deconstructed views of an making sort of deconstructed views of an making sort of deconstructed views of an image. So, let's try this. Create a image. So, let's try this. Create a image. So, let's try this. Create a deconstructed version of the Apple deconstructed version of the Apple deconstructed version of the Apple Vision Pro from this image. And here's Vision Pro from this image. And here's Vision Pro from this image. And here's what it created. I mean, I have a what it created. I mean, I have a what it created. I mean, I have a feeling that that's not really what the feeling that that's not really what the feeling that that's not really what the inside looks like at all, but the AI inside looks like at all, but the AI inside looks like at all, but the AI model doesn't know what the inside looks model doesn't know what the inside looks model doesn't know what the inside looks like, so it did its best guess. And like, so it did its best guess. And like, so it did its best guess. And according to Lewis here, nano banana is according to Lewis here, nano banana is according to Lewis here, nano banana is really good at creating nano bananas. really good at creating nano bananas. really good at creating nano bananas. See, here's an example of a nano banana. See, here's an example of a nano banana. See, here's an example of a nano banana. Here's some more examples of nano Here's some more examples of nano Here's some more examples of nano bananas and the word strawberry spelled bananas and the word strawberry spelled bananas and the word strawberry spelled out using nano bananas. All right. Now, out using nano bananas. All right. Now, out using nano bananas. All right. Now, I've given you a pretty exhaustive list I've given you a pretty exhaustive list I've given you a pretty exhaustive list of all sorts of things you can do with of all sorts of things you can do with of all sorts of things you can do with nano banana and it's probably just nano banana and it's probably just nano banana and it's probably just scratching the surface. So, if you have scratching the surface. So, if you have scratching the surface. So, if you have ways of using it that I didn't talk ways of using it that I didn't talk ways of using it that I didn't talk about, make sure you leave them in the about, make sure you leave them in the about, make sure you leave them in the comments so others could learn from the comments so others could learn from the comments so others could learn from the value that you have to offer. But I'm value that you have to offer. But I'm value that you have to offer. But I'm not done yet because there's some really not done yet because there's some really not done yet because there's some really cool stuff you can do with the nano cool stuff you can do with the nano cool stuff you can do with the nano banana images that you make by pulling banana images that you make by pulling banana images that you make by pulling them into other tools. So, I want to them into other tools. So, I want to them into other tools. So, I want to share some of that really quickly. share some of that really quickly. share some of that really quickly. Remember how earlier we created an Remember how earlier we created an Remember how earlier we created an isometric view of Petco Park and we saw isometric view of Petco Park and we saw isometric view of Petco Park and we saw some examples of other people creating some examples of other people creating some examples of other people creating isometric views of places? Well, you isometric views of places? Well, you isometric views of places? Well, you could take those images and upload them could take those images and upload them could take those images and upload them to a tool that will convert it to a 3D to a tool that will convert it to a 3D to a tool that will convert it to a 3D object. Microsoft has what they call object. Microsoft has what they call object. Microsoft has what they call Copilot 3D and you can upload the image Copilot 3D and you can upload the image Copilot 3D and you can upload the image here. You definitely lose some of the here. You definitely lose some of the here. You definitely lose some of the details here, but this is a 3D image of details here, but this is a 3D image of details here, but this is a 3D image of Petco Park sort of. However, the 3D Petco Park sort of. However, the 3D Petco Park sort of. However, the 3D generator that I prefer is actually generator that I prefer is actually generator that I prefer is actually Meshy.ai. I've always been pretty Meshy.ai. I've always been pretty Meshy.ai. I've always been pretty impressed with what they can generate. impressed with what they can generate. impressed with what they can generate. Now, Petco Park is well, pretty complex, Now, Petco Park is well, pretty complex, Now, Petco Park is well, pretty complex, but we're definitely getting a better 3D but we're definitely getting a better 3D but we're definitely getting a better 3D model of it than what we were getting model of it than what we were getting model of it than what we were getting out of Microsoft's version. But, you out of Microsoft's version. But, you out of Microsoft's version. But, you know, still not great. There's still a know, still not great. There's still a know, still not great. There's still a ways to go with getting finer details on ways to go with getting finer details on ways to go with getting finer details on some of these 3D objects. But, a fun some of these 3D objects. But, a fun some of these 3D objects. But, a fun thing that you can do with some of those thing that you can do with some of those thing that you can do with some of those isometric images you make. If it's a isometric images you make. If it's a isometric images you make. If it's a fairly basic isometric image, you can fairly basic isometric image, you can fairly basic isometric image, you can pull it into something like Meshy, pull it into something like Meshy, pull it into something like Meshy, convert it into a 3D object and then convert it into a 3D object and then convert it into a 3D object and then potentially even 3D print it. But again, potentially even 3D print it. But again, potentially even 3D print it. But again, I think Petco might have just been too I think Petco might have just been too I think Petco might have just been too complicated of an example. Remember how complicated of an example. Remember how complicated of an example. Remember how we made our perfume bottle earlier with we made our perfume bottle earlier with we made our perfume bottle earlier with the influencer holding it out? Maybe I the influencer holding it out? Maybe I the influencer holding it out? Maybe I want to turn that into a video that I want to turn that into a video that I want to turn that into a video that I use on Instagram or something like that. use on Instagram or something like that. use on Instagram or something like that. Well, I can head over to Cling AI, give Well, I can head over to Cling AI, give Well, I can head over to Cling AI, give it the bottle as our first image and the it the bottle as our first image and the it the bottle as our first image and the influencer holding it up as our second influencer holding it up as our second influencer holding it up as our second image, and we get a video that looks image, and we get a video that looks image, and we get a video that looks like this. I mean, pretty professional like this. I mean, pretty professional like this. I mean, pretty professional looking. I like how you can even see looking. I like how you can even see looking. I like how you can even see movement of the liquid in the bottle as movement of the liquid in the bottle as movement of the liquid in the bottle as she's holding it up and moving it she's holding it up and moving it she's holding it up and moving it around. Remember our deconstructed Apple around. Remember our deconstructed Apple around. Remember our deconstructed Apple Vision Pro here? Well, if I jump into Vision Pro here? Well, if I jump into Vision Pro here? Well, if I jump into Cling, give it our constructed version Cling, give it our constructed version Cling, give it our constructed version and our deconstructed version. Here's and our deconstructed version. Here's and our deconstructed version. Here's the end result where we have our version the end result where we have our version the end result where we have our version sort of deconstructing itself. I also sort of deconstructing itself. I also sort of deconstructing itself. I also took our alien friend here, brought him took our alien friend here, brought him took our alien friend here, brought him over to Clling and generated a video of over to Clling and generated a video of over to Clling and generated a video of him riding a bike. And then I took the him riding a bike. And then I took the him riding a bike. And then I took the image of him playing basketball and image of him playing basketball and image of him playing basketball and animated that. I mean, Clling kind of animated that. I mean, Clling kind of animated that. I mean, Clling kind of messed up the movement of the ball a messed up the movement of the ball a messed up the movement of the ball a little bit, but you can see how you can little bit, but you can see how you can little bit, but you can see how you can get animations with consistent get animations with consistent get animations with consistent characters that look like the same characters that look like the same characters that look like the same character in every scene. But what about character in every scene. But what about character in every scene. But what about the intro? How did I do that? I recorded the intro? How did I do that? I recorded the intro? How did I do that? I recorded a video of myself saying the intro to a video of myself saying the intro to a video of myself saying the intro to the video you're watching right now. And the video you're watching right now. And the video you're watching right now. And then I took a screen grab of me just then I took a screen grab of me just then I took a screen grab of me just presenting that intro. This is just a presenting that intro. This is just a presenting that intro. This is just a screen grab from the video. And I said, screen grab from the video. And I said, screen grab from the video. And I said, "Change the background of this image to "Change the background of this image to "Change the background of this image to a lush green rainforest. Leave the a lush green rainforest. Leave the a lush green rainforest. Leave the person in the foreground the same." And person in the foreground the same." And person in the foreground the same." And you can see it's the same exact image you can see it's the same exact image you can see it's the same exact image with the green background. I then took with the green background. I then took with the green background. I then took the same screen grab and said, "Change the same screen grab and said, "Change the same screen grab and said, "Change this person in the foreground to look this person in the foreground to look this person in the foreground to look like a Rick and Morty character. Leave like a Rick and Morty character. Leave like a Rick and Morty character. Leave the background the same." This was the the background the same." This was the the background the same." This was the output, the second character you saw in output, the second character you saw in output, the second character you saw in that intro. And then I said, "Change the that intro. And then I said, "Change the that intro. And then I said, "Change the person in the foreground to look like a person in the foreground to look like a person in the foreground to look like a monkey human hybrid. Leave the monkey human hybrid. Leave the monkey human hybrid. Leave the background the same. And here's the background the same. And here's the background the same. And here's the monkey you saw." And then I jumped over monkey you saw." And then I jumped over monkey you saw." And then I jumped over to RunwayML here. And with RunwayML, you to RunwayML here. And with RunwayML, you to RunwayML here. And with RunwayML, you can actually use their generate video can actually use their generate video can actually use their generate video module and then make sure this is set on module and then make sure this is set on module and then make sure this is set on act two. And in act two, you give it a act two. And in act two, you give it a act two. And in act two, you give it a driving performance. You give it a driving performance. You give it a driving performance. You give it a video. So I just fed it my whole intro video. So I just fed it my whole intro video. So I just fed it my whole intro video of me giving the intro. And then video of me giving the intro. And then video of me giving the intro. And then you just give it an image and it will you just give it an image and it will you just give it an image and it will animate the image saying the things that animate the image saying the things that animate the image saying the things that you said in your driving video. So you you said in your driving video. So you you said in your driving video. So you can see I got a whole bunch of outputs. can see I got a whole bunch of outputs. can see I got a whole bunch of outputs. I got a video of me giving my intro in I got a video of me giving my intro in I got a video of me giving my intro in front of a green background. People are front of a green background. People are front of a green background. People are doing some absolutely wild things with doing some absolutely wild things with doing some absolutely wild things with the a version of me as a Rick and Morty the a version of me as a Rick and Morty the a version of me as a Rick and Morty character. People are doing some character. People are doing some character. People are doing some absolutely wild things with and a absolutely wild things with and a absolutely wild things with and a version of me as a monkey. People are version of me as a monkey. People are version of me as a monkey. People are doing some absolutely wild things with doing some absolutely wild things with doing some absolutely wild things with the I just sort of spliced those various the I just sort of spliced those various the I just sort of spliced those various videos together and that's how you got videos together and that's how you got videos together and that's how you got the intro. Nano Banana plus runway act the intro. Nano Banana plus runway act the intro. Nano Banana plus runway act two. I am absolutely having a blast with two. I am absolutely having a blast with two. I am absolutely having a blast with Nano Banana. This video was not Nano Banana. This video was not Nano Banana. This video was not sponsored by Google whatsoever. I have sponsored by Google whatsoever. I have sponsored by Google whatsoever. I have just been using this tool probably more just been using this tool probably more just been using this tool probably more than any other tool recently. I've been than any other tool recently. I've been than any other tool recently. I've been kind of obsessed with using it to make kind of obsessed with using it to make kind of obsessed with using it to make edits to images and then turn them into edits to images and then turn them into edits to images and then turn them into like videos and things like that. It has like videos and things like that. It has like videos and things like that. It has been so much fun to use. And I just been so much fun to use. And I just been so much fun to use. And I just wanted to make this breakdown and make a wanted to make this breakdown and make a wanted to make this breakdown and make a pretty exhaustive video of all of the pretty exhaustive video of all of the pretty exhaustive video of all of the cool ways I've seen it being used so cool ways I've seen it being used so cool ways I've seen it being used so far. And again, it's just scratching the far. And again, it's just scratching the far. And again, it's just scratching the surface. There's so much more you can do surface. There's so much more you can do surface. There's so much more you can do with this. And if you've got ideas that with this. And if you've got ideas that with this. And if you've got ideas that I didn't even share, make sure you I didn't even share, make sure you I didn't even share, make sure you either comment below this video and let either comment below this video and let either comment below this video and let everybody else know or tag me over on everybody else know or tag me over on everybody else know or tag me over on Twitter or threads or Instagram or Twitter or threads or Instagram or Twitter or threads or Instagram or Facebook. I'm kind of on them all now. Facebook. I'm kind of on them all now. Facebook. I'm kind of on them all now. Tag me with what you created and what Tag me with what you created and what Tag me with what you created and what was different and let's share the word was different and let's share the word was different and let's share the word about the various cool things we can do about the various cool things we can do about the various cool things we can do with Nano Banana. Cuz again, this is so with Nano Banana. Cuz again, this is so with Nano Banana. Cuz again, this is so much fun. But that's what I got for you much fun. But that's what I got for you much fun. But that's what I got for you today. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you today. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you today. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you learned some new techniques. This is learned some new techniques. This is learned some new techniques. This is amazing to me that you can use this amazing to me that you can use this amazing to me that you can use this completely for free right now. Like that completely for free right now. Like that completely for free right now. Like that blows my mind. It's out there. It's blows my mind. It's out there. It's blows my mind. It's out there. It's amazing. It's fun. It's free. Go play amazing. It's fun. It's free. Go play amazing. It's fun. It's free. Go play with it. Thank you so much for tuning in with it. Thank you so much for tuning in with it. Thank you so much for tuning in and nerding out with me. This has been a and nerding out with me. This has been a and nerding out with me. This has been a really fun nerd out session. And really fun nerd out session. And really fun nerd out session. And hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futurtools.io io already, check out futurtools.io io already, check out futurtools.io io where I share all the coolest AI tools where I share all the coolest AI tools where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's and all the latest AI news. And there's and all the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks an awesome free newsletter. Thanks an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you.
