Title: 6 simple AI Agents you must have - beginners guide
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

I have built hundreds of AI agents and I have built hundreds of AI agents and I have built hundreds of AI agents and in this video I'll show you the six in this video I'll show you the six in this video I'll show you the six agents that everyone needs and I'll also agents that everyone needs and I'll also agents that everyone needs and I'll also explain how to turn this into a explain how to turn this into a explain how to turn this into a profitable side hustle and no it's not profitable side hustle and no it's not profitable side hustle and no it's not by building an automation agency. So to by building an automation agency. So to by building an automation agency. So to build AI agents NA10 is the simplest way build AI agents NA10 is the simplest way build AI agents NA10 is the simplest way by far. It is more powerful than by far. It is more powerful than by far. It is more powerful than make.com's API and it is easy to get make.com's API and it is easy to get make.com's API and it is easy to get started and you can basically build any started and you can basically build any started and you can basically build any AI agent you want inside of NA10. So AI agent you want inside of NA10. So AI agent you want inside of NA10. So let's start with the trigger and again let's start with the trigger and again let's start with the trigger and again there are hundreds of different options. there are hundreds of different options. there are hundreds of different options. For example, if you select on app event, For example, if you select on app event, For example, if you select on app event, you can select from thousands of you can select from thousands of you can select from thousands of different apps that are natively different apps that are natively different apps that are natively connected into any. However, for this connected into any. However, for this connected into any. However, for this build, I'm actually going to go with the build, I'm actually going to go with the build, I'm actually going to go with the schedule trigger. This is one of the schedule trigger. This is one of the schedule trigger. This is one of the most useful types of triggers inside of most useful types of triggers inside of most useful types of triggers inside of any, which lets you set an interval. any, which lets you set an interval. any, which lets you set an interval. Could be days, could be hours, even Could be days, could be hours, even Could be days, could be hours, even seconds, right? I'm going to go with seconds, right? I'm going to go with seconds, right? I'm going to go with days once a day. So, the first agent I'm days once a day. So, the first agent I'm days once a day. So, the first agent I'm going to be building is an infinite lead going to be building is an infinite lead going to be building is an infinite lead followup. And this is what it's going to followup. And this is what it's going to followup. And this is what it's going to look like when it's finished. But look like when it's finished. But look like when it's finished. But basically, it will follow up with any basically, it will follow up with any basically, it will follow up with any types of leads. could be job candidates, types of leads. could be job candidates, types of leads. could be job candidates, could be potential clients, and it's could be potential clients, and it's could be potential clients, and it's going to keep following up until you get going to keep following up until you get going to keep following up until you get the sale. So once you decide on the the sale. So once you decide on the the sale. So once you decide on the schedule, next you need the first action schedule, next you need the first action schedule, next you need the first action step, right? What is the first thing the step, right? What is the first thing the step, right? What is the first thing the AI agent should do after we call him? In AI agent should do after we call him? In AI agent should do after we call him? In this case, it needs to be Gmail get many this case, it needs to be Gmail get many this case, it needs to be Gmail get many messages. There it is. So it can analyze messages. There it is. So it can analyze messages. There it is. So it can analyze multiple different emails that you multiple different emails that you multiple different emails that you received and decide what actions it received and decide what actions it received and decide what actions it wants to take on those emails. Now, this wants to take on those emails. Now, this wants to take on those emails. Now, this is very important. Anytime you make any is very important. Anytime you make any is very important. Anytime you make any change inside of any 10, make sure to change inside of any 10, make sure to change inside of any 10, make sure to click save. Otherwise, you risk losing click save. Otherwise, you risk losing click save. Otherwise, you risk losing progress. So, inside of the Gmail node, progress. So, inside of the Gmail node, progress. So, inside of the Gmail node, we need to select which email do we want we need to select which email do we want we need to select which email do we want our AI agent to look at. Right? So, if our AI agent to look at. Right? So, if our AI agent to look at. Right? So, if you don't have any emails connected, you don't have any emails connected, you don't have any emails connected, simply click on create new credential. simply click on create new credential. simply click on create new credential. And this is actually probably the And this is actually probably the And this is actually probably the hardest part. So, if you're willing to hardest part. So, if you're willing to hardest part. So, if you're willing to sit through the next 3 minutes, you will sit through the next 3 minutes, you will sit through the next 3 minutes, you will already be ahead of 99% of people. And I already be ahead of 99% of people. And I already be ahead of 99% of people. And I can promise you that because most people can promise you that because most people can promise you that because most people cannot even set up a single Google cannot even set up a single Google cannot even set up a single Google service into their AI agent and they're service into their AI agent and they're service into their AI agent and they're just going to drop off and never just going to drop off and never just going to drop off and never automate anything in their life. So if automate anything in their life. So if automate anything in their life. So if you can stick through the next three you can stick through the next three you can stick through the next three minutes, you will begin your automation minutes, you will begin your automation minutes, you will begin your automation journey and you can get rid of all the journey and you can get rid of all the journey and you can get rid of all the boring in your life. So what we boring in your life. So what we boring in your life. So what we need to do is we need to go to Google need to do is we need to go to Google need to do is we need to go to Google Cloud Console. So let me show you how to Cloud Console. So let me show you how to Cloud Console. So let me show you how to do that. This is going to be the email do that. This is going to be the email do that. This is going to be the email inbox I'm going to be automating and inbox I'm going to be automating and inbox I'm going to be automating and anything I send out, it's going to anything I send out, it's going to anything I send out, it's going to automatically get follow-ups. So if you automatically get follow-ups. So if you automatically get follow-ups. So if you send out a job application, it's going send out a job application, it's going send out a job application, it's going to keep following up with that company to keep following up with that company to keep following up with that company until they respond to you. Same with, until they respond to you. Same with, until they respond to you. Same with, you know, getting clients as a business, you know, getting clients as a business, you know, getting clients as a business, whatever you want to do. This agent is whatever you want to do. This agent is whatever you want to do. This agent is universal. Everyone needs him. So to set universal. Everyone needs him. So to set universal. Everyone needs him. So to set this up, we need to go into Google and this up, we need to go into Google and this up, we need to go into Google and type in Google Cloud Console. Boom. Hit type in Google Cloud Console. Boom. Hit type in Google Cloud Console. Boom. Hit enter. Click the first link. Now make enter. Click the first link. Now make enter. Click the first link. Now make sure to switch to the same account you sure to switch to the same account you sure to switch to the same account you want to automate. Now at the top, we want to automate. Now at the top, we want to automate. Now at the top, we need to create a project, right? Create need to create a project, right? Create need to create a project, right? Create project. New project. Let's name it NA10 project. New project. Let's name it NA10 project. New project. Let's name it NA10 email follow upper. I know very creative email follow upper. I know very creative email follow upper. I know very creative name. For location, just leave it as is. name. For location, just leave it as is. name. For location, just leave it as is. Click create. And this is how Google Click create. And this is how Google Click create. And this is how Google Cloud Console works. Basically, you have Cloud Console works. Basically, you have Cloud Console works. Basically, you have these different projects and in these these different projects and in these these different projects and in these you have these off clients. You don't you have these off clients. You don't you have these off clients. You don't have to understand all of it. Just have to understand all of it. Just have to understand all of it. Just follow what I'm doing. Follow these follow what I'm doing. Follow these follow what I'm doing. Follow these steps. I'm going to show you everything steps. I'm going to show you everything steps. I'm going to show you everything in this video. So, you can see the in this video. So, you can see the in this video. So, you can see the project has been created. Click on project has been created. Click on project has been created. Click on select project. And you need to see it select project. And you need to see it select project. And you need to see it in the top. There we go. NA10 email in the top. There we go. NA10 email in the top. There we go. NA10 email follow-uper. Beautiful. Since we're follow-uper. Beautiful. Since we're follow-uper. Beautiful. Since we're going to be using Gmail, we need to type going to be using Gmail, we need to type going to be using Gmail, we need to type in Gmail API and we need to enable this. in Gmail API and we need to enable this. in Gmail API and we need to enable this. There we go. Enable. Literally just one There we go. Enable. Literally just one There we go. Enable. Literally just one click. Takes a few seconds to load and click. Takes a few seconds to load and click. Takes a few seconds to load and it's going to enable it for this it's going to enable it for this it's going to enable it for this project. And boom. Just like that, it's project. And boom. Just like that, it's project. And boom. Just like that, it's enabled. So, let's click on OAF consent enabled. So, let's click on OAF consent enabled. So, let's click on OAF consent screen and then click on clients. We screen and then click on clients. We screen and then click on clients. We need to create a new client. Get need to create a new client. Get need to create a new client. Get started. So app name I'm going to name started. So app name I'm going to name started. So app name I'm going to name David Andre and A10 agent. Support email David Andre and A10 agent. Support email David Andre and A10 agent. Support email just select the email you're automating. just select the email you're automating. just select the email you're automating. Next audience you can only select Next audience you can only select Next audience you can only select external. If you have a Google Workspace external. If you have a Google Workspace external. If you have a Google Workspace you can select internal but just click you can select internal but just click you can select internal but just click on external. Next email address just on external. Next email address just on external. Next email address just paste the same one. Next. And then agree paste the same one. Next. And then agree paste the same one. Next. And then agree continue. Create. All right. So all of continue. Create. All right. So all of continue. Create. All right. So all of configuration created. So let's click on configuration created. So let's click on configuration created. So let's click on clients on the left again. Create clients on the left again. Create clients on the left again. Create client. And this is the last step. So client. And this is the last step. So client. And this is the last step. So web application. We can rename this as web application. We can rename this as web application. We can rename this as NA10 followup agent. And here is the NA10 followup agent. And here is the NA10 followup agent. And here is the important part, right? So if we go back important part, right? So if we go back important part, right? So if we go back into NA10, we can see that this is the into NA10, we can see that this is the into NA10, we can see that this is the redirect URL. So copy that. Boom. redirect URL. So copy that. Boom. redirect URL. So copy that. Boom. Authorized redirect URLs. Paste this in. Authorized redirect URLs. Paste this in. Authorized redirect URLs. Paste this in. Create. The next two things is the Create. The next two things is the Create. The next two things is the client ID and the client secret. So we client ID and the client secret. So we client ID and the client secret. So we get those when you click create. So get those when you click create. So get those when you click create. So client ID, just copy paste those. Boom. client ID, just copy paste those. Boom. client ID, just copy paste those. Boom. Client secret. Just like that. Copy Client secret. Just like that. Copy Client secret. Just like that. Copy paste. And then click on save. And next paste. And then click on save. And next paste. And then click on save. And next we need to click on this button which we need to click on this button which we need to click on this button which appears after you fill this out. Sign appears after you fill this out. Sign appears after you fill this out. Sign with Google. And this is really the last with Google. And this is really the last with Google. And this is really the last stretch. So we need to select the email. stretch. So we need to select the email. stretch. So we need to select the email. We have a access block. Let's see. App We have a access block. Let's see. App We have a access block. Let's see. App is being tested. Okay. So we I think I is being tested. Okay. So we I think I is being tested. Okay. So we I think I didn't add myself as a developer. That's didn't add myself as a developer. That's didn't add myself as a developer. That's a mistake. Let's go back to our client a mistake. Let's go back to our client a mistake. Let's go back to our client audience. Test users. There we go. Need audience. Test users. There we go. Need audience. Test users. There we go. Need to add myself as a test user. Save. to add myself as a test user. Save. to add myself as a test user. Save. Nice. So now we can continue, but it Nice. So now we can continue, but it Nice. So now we can continue, but it doesn't seem like it. You might see, doesn't seem like it. You might see, doesn't seem like it. You might see, okay, David, this is another error. okay, David, this is another error. okay, David, this is another error. Actually, it's not. It's just bad UI. We Actually, it's not. It's just bad UI. We Actually, it's not. It's just bad UI. We need to click on continue. Right. It's need to click on continue. Right. It's need to click on continue. Right. It's it's kind of tempting to click on back it's kind of tempting to click on back it's kind of tempting to click on back to safety, but don't worry. We're to safety, but don't worry. We're to safety, but don't worry. We're absolutely safe here. Just click on absolutely safe here. Just click on absolutely safe here. Just click on continue and then u it's the permissions continue and then u it's the permissions continue and then u it's the permissions you want the AI agent to have. So I want you want the AI agent to have. So I want you want the AI agent to have. So I want my full email management. Continue and my full email management. Continue and my full email management. Continue and connection successful. Now we did the connection successful. Now we did the connection successful. Now we did the hardest part low key. Now just building hardest part low key. Now just building hardest part low key. Now just building the agent is going to be much easier and the agent is going to be much easier and the agent is going to be much easier and this is going to compound to all the this is going to compound to all the this is going to compound to all the other agents. So keep in mind this is other agents. So keep in mind this is other agents. So keep in mind this is only the first of six AI agents that I'm only the first of six AI agents that I'm only the first of six AI agents that I'm going to show you. And each of them you going to show you. And each of them you going to show you. And each of them you can take the lessons from this one and can take the lessons from this one and can take the lessons from this one and just build them that much faster. And just build them that much faster. And just build them that much faster. And honestly if you implement all six of honestly if you implement all six of honestly if you implement all six of these agents into your life, you're these agents into your life, you're these agents into your life, you're going to save multiple hours per week. going to save multiple hours per week. going to save multiple hours per week. Now, before we add the AI agent, there Now, before we add the AI agent, there Now, before we add the AI agent, there are actually a few other things we have are actually a few other things we have are actually a few other things we have to do inside of the Gmail note. First of to do inside of the Gmail note. First of to do inside of the Gmail note. First of all, make sure to enable return all. all, make sure to enable return all. all, make sure to enable return all. Leave simplify turned on. And then Leave simplify turned on. And then Leave simplify turned on. And then inside of filters, this is super inside of filters, this is super inside of filters, this is super important. We need to click on search important. We need to click on search important. We need to click on search and do in send. This is the same search and do in send. This is the same search and do in send. This is the same search you can do inside of Gmail. Just do in you can do inside of Gmail. Just do in you can do inside of Gmail. Just do in send. Now, it's funny because I've never send. Now, it's funny because I've never send. Now, it's funny because I've never sent an email from this Gmail address, sent an email from this Gmail address, sent an email from this Gmail address, but for most emails, you probably use but for most emails, you probably use but for most emails, you probably use them to send stuff as well. You can also them to send stuff as well. You can also them to send stuff as well. You can also do something like has attachment, do something like has attachment, do something like has attachment, whatever works inside of Gmail. This is whatever works inside of Gmail. This is whatever works inside of Gmail. This is the same logic that will work in this the same logic that will work in this the same logic that will work in this NA10 node. So this since it's a NA10 node. So this since it's a NA10 node. So this since it's a following up agent, we need to check following up agent, we need to check following up agent, we need to check which emails we send so that it can which emails we send so that it can which emails we send so that it can follow up on them with that recipient. follow up on them with that recipient. follow up on them with that recipient. So this is it like this note is good. So So this is it like this note is good. So So this is it like this note is good. So we can save that and actually we can run we can save that and actually we can run we can save that and actually we can run it so we can test out if it works. So it so we can test out if it works. So it so we can test out if it works. So get many messages. Let's see. And as get many messages. Let's see. And as get many messages. Let's see. And as expected we have no output data because expected we have no output data because expected we have no output data because we didn't send an emails. But let me we didn't send an emails. But let me we didn't send an emails. But let me just quickly send an email to myself. just quickly send an email to myself. just quickly send an email to myself. Boom. Hi David, how are you doing? Boom. Hi David, how are you doing? Boom. Hi David, how are you doing? testing anything at the moment. Let me testing anything at the moment. Let me testing anything at the moment. Let me know how it goes. All right. So, I'm know how it goes. All right. So, I'm know how it goes. All right. So, I'm just going to send one email so we have just going to send one email so we have just going to send one email so we have some data to work with. And now we have some data to work with. And now we have some data to work with. And now we have actually something in the send. So, actually something in the send. So, actually something in the send. So, let's go back and let's rerun this so we let's go back and let's rerun this so we let's go back and let's rerun this so we can see if our node works. And there we can see if our node works. And there we can see if our node works. And there we go. One item. So, just like that, we go. One item. So, just like that, we go. One item. So, just like that, we have proven that our first two nodes have proven that our first two nodes have proven that our first two nodes work. The schedule trigger will be work. The schedule trigger will be work. The schedule trigger will be executed once a day. And then the Gmail executed once a day. And then the Gmail executed once a day. And then the Gmail will successfully pull all sent emails will successfully pull all sent emails will successfully pull all sent emails from your inbox that you just connected from your inbox that you just connected from your inbox that you just connected and you get all the data whether it's and you get all the data whether it's and you get all the data whether it's the history ID, the internal date, the the history ID, the internal date, the the history ID, the internal date, the payload, the subject line or the payload, the subject line or the payload, the subject line or the recipient. Everything you might need is recipient. Everything you might need is recipient. Everything you might need is in this output data which of course in this output data which of course in this output data which of course we're going to use to feed that into an we're going to use to feed that into an we're going to use to feed that into an agent to process it to write a agent to process it to write a agent to process it to write a personalized short follow-up message. personalized short follow-up message. personalized short follow-up message. Okay, so let's click on save. Now the Okay, so let's click on save. Now the Okay, so let's click on save. Now the next note I'm actually going to use a next note I'm actually going to use a next note I'm actually going to use a code note. This one is the most code note. This one is the most code note. This one is the most customizable note. You can either use customizable note. You can either use customizable note. You can either use JavaScript or Python. I'm going to use JavaScript or Python. I'm going to use JavaScript or Python. I'm going to use JavaScript. So, I'm going to replace JavaScript. So, I'm going to replace JavaScript. So, I'm going to replace this default. I'm going to delete all of this default. I'm going to delete all of this default. I'm going to delete all of it with something I prepared ahead of it with something I prepared ahead of it with something I prepared ahead of time just to save you guys time. Now, time just to save you guys time. Now, time just to save you guys time. Now, you might be thinking, "Okay, David, how you might be thinking, "Okay, David, how you might be thinking, "Okay, David, how can I create this? This is so complex." can I create this? This is so complex." can I create this? This is so complex." Calm down. I'm going to show you. You Calm down. I'm going to show you. You Calm down. I'm going to show you. You can literally do this with JGBT. So, can literally do this with JGBT. So, can literally do this with JGBT. So, inside of JBT, you need to describe what inside of JBT, you need to describe what inside of JBT, you need to describe what you want. Here's how that looks like for you want. Here's how that looks like for you want. Here's how that looks like for this agent. Build a function that this agent. Build a function that this agent. Build a function that processes Gmail messages data to find processes Gmail messages data to find processes Gmail messages data to find friends where you reached out but never friends where you reached out but never friends where you reached out but never got a response. So all of this, you got a response. So all of this, you got a response. So all of this, you know, you don't have to understand know, you don't have to understand know, you don't have to understand JavaScript as long as you can describe JavaScript as long as you can describe JavaScript as long as you can describe what exactly you want. You can build what exactly you want. You can build what exactly you want. You can build essentially anything. Just make sure to essentially anything. Just make sure to essentially anything. Just make sure to use CH GB thinking because it's a lot use CH GB thinking because it's a lot use CH GB thinking because it's a lot more powerful than the default GPD5. So more powerful than the default GPD5. So more powerful than the default GPD5. So once CHGBD finishes generating the code, once CHGBD finishes generating the code, once CHGBD finishes generating the code, just click copy code right here at the just click copy code right here at the just click copy code right here at the top of the code block. Go back into NA10 top of the code block. Go back into NA10 top of the code block. Go back into NA10 and paste it inside of your JavaScript and paste it inside of your JavaScript and paste it inside of your JavaScript node. So just like with every single new node. So just like with every single new node. So just like with every single new node we add, we should test it. You node we add, we should test it. You node we add, we should test it. You should never build a full automation should never build a full automation should never build a full automation without doing any testing because then without doing any testing because then without doing any testing because then you're going to be stuck in many you're going to be stuck in many you're going to be stuck in many different errors, right? You want to fix different errors, right? You want to fix different errors, right? You want to fix the errors one by one as you're building the errors one by one as you're building the errors one by one as you're building it. So, let's run this node. Boom. Node it. So, let's run this node. Boom. Node it. So, let's run this node. Boom. Node executed successfully. And let's look at executed successfully. And let's look at executed successfully. And let's look at the output here. Now, the simplest way the output here. Now, the simplest way the output here. Now, the simplest way to explain this is that this code, it to explain this is that this code, it to explain this is that this code, it basically finds all the emails where you basically finds all the emails where you basically finds all the emails where you didn't get a response, right? This is didn't get a response, right? This is didn't get a response, right? This is like all the failed outreaches because like all the failed outreaches because like all the failed outreaches because you don't want the agent to be running you don't want the agent to be running you don't want the agent to be running on the ones that did get a response. So, on the ones that did get a response. So, on the ones that did get a response. So, this one finds the ones that failed and this one finds the ones that failed and this one finds the ones that failed and gets their thread IDs. That's just how gets their thread IDs. That's just how gets their thread IDs. That's just how Gmail notifies them. Basically, those Gmail notifies them. Basically, those Gmail notifies them. Basically, those are the people who completely ignored are the people who completely ignored are the people who completely ignored you because those are the ones we need you because those are the ones we need you because those are the ones we need to follow up with. Okay, so the next to follow up with. Okay, so the next to follow up with. Okay, so the next note after this one is going to be a note after this one is going to be a note after this one is going to be a loop loop over items. Boom. There we go. loop loop over items. Boom. There we go. loop loop over items. Boom. There we go. And here we don't have to literally do And here we don't have to literally do And here we don't have to literally do any setup. It's as simple as possible any setup. It's as simple as possible any setup. It's as simple as possible because it's going to run on our AI because it's going to run on our AI because it's going to run on our AI agent. So, we need to replace this node. agent. So, we need to replace this node. agent. So, we need to replace this node. We need to delete it and replace it with We need to delete it and replace it with We need to delete it and replace it with something else. So, let's click on plus. something else. So, let's click on plus. something else. So, let's click on plus. And inside is going to be our AI agent. And inside is going to be our AI agent. And inside is going to be our AI agent. This is going to be the decision maker This is going to be the decision maker This is going to be the decision maker of how do we follow up, right? What the of how do we follow up, right? What the of how do we follow up, right? What the message looks like, how does the email message looks like, how does the email message looks like, how does the email look like. So let's click on save and look like. So let's click on save and look like. So let's click on save and let's configure the AI agent. Now to do let's configure the AI agent. Now to do let's configure the AI agent. Now to do that let's quickly run the loop node. that let's quickly run the loop node. that let's quickly run the loop node. Super simple and then we have some input Super simple and then we have some input Super simple and then we have some input data in the AI agent to work with. data in the AI agent to work with. data in the AI agent to work with. Right? So let's customize the pro Right? So let's customize the pro Right? So let's customize the pro message. We need to click on define message. We need to click on define message. We need to click on define below and then click on expression. Now below and then click on expression. Now below and then click on expression. Now if you just look at the left side of the if you just look at the left side of the if you just look at the left side of the data which is always the input, right? A data which is always the input, right? A data which is always the input, right? A lot of people are confused by NA10 lot of people are confused by NA10 lot of people are confused by NA10 because if you're using for the first because if you're using for the first because if you're using for the first time, it might seem intimidating. But time, it might seem intimidating. But time, it might seem intimidating. But when you realize that the left side, when you realize that the left side, when you realize that the left side, this side is just the input data. The this side is just the input data. The this side is just the input data. The middle is the current node, aka what we middle is the current node, aka what we middle is the current node, aka what we do with that data. And the right side is do with that data. And the right side is do with that data. And the right side is the output. So what the data looks like the output. So what the data looks like the output. So what the data looks like after this node is executed. Once you after this node is executed. Once you after this node is executed. Once you understand this, the UI doesn't look so understand this, the UI doesn't look so understand this, the UI doesn't look so intimidating. So if you look on the intimidating. So if you look on the intimidating. So if you look on the left, what do we need, right? Well, we left, what do we need, right? Well, we left, what do we need, right? Well, we need the subject and we probably need need the subject and we probably need need the subject and we probably need the snippet. So we just need to define the snippet. So we just need to define the snippet. So we just need to define something like this where we say subject something like this where we say subject something like this where we say subject and then JSON.ubject which by the way and then JSON.ubject which by the way and then JSON.ubject which by the way let me show you a pro trick. You can let me show you a pro trick. You can let me show you a pro trick. You can just drag it over. This is the beauty of just drag it over. This is the beauty of just drag it over. This is the beauty of NA10. So when you identify the data you NA10. So when you identify the data you NA10. So when you identify the data you want just literally drag it over and want just literally drag it over and want just literally drag it over and just like that boom it's there. So just like that boom it's there. So just like that boom it's there. So whether you're like oh David you whether you're like oh David you whether you're like oh David you pre-prepared this. I don't know how to pre-prepared this. I don't know how to pre-prepared this. I don't know how to do it. All you need to do is really drag do it. All you need to do is really drag do it. All you need to do is really drag stuff from the left into the middle to stuff from the left into the middle to stuff from the left into the middle to kind of build your prompt. That's the kind of build your prompt. That's the kind of build your prompt. That's the essential skill when using the AI agent essential skill when using the AI agent essential skill when using the AI agent inside of NA10. Now the snippet again, inside of NA10. Now the snippet again, inside of NA10. Now the snippet again, same thing, right? This text is just so same thing, right? This text is just so same thing, right? This text is just so we tell the agent this is the snippet. we tell the agent this is the snippet. we tell the agent this is the snippet. Boom. You can literally rename this like Boom. You can literally rename this like Boom. You can literally rename this like here's the email body, whatever you want here's the email body, whatever you want here's the email body, whatever you want it to be, you know, just type it in it to be, you know, just type it in it to be, you know, just type it in there. This is the user prompt. This is there. This is the user prompt. This is there. This is the user prompt. This is telling the agent what the email is telling the agent what the email is telling the agent what the email is about. However, the user prompt is not about. However, the user prompt is not about. However, the user prompt is not enough. We also need a system prompt. enough. We also need a system prompt. enough. We also need a system prompt. So, let's click on add options system So, let's click on add options system So, let's click on add options system message. And this is where we're going message. And this is where we're going message. And this is where we're going to tell the AI agent how to behave. So to tell the AI agent how to behave. So to tell the AI agent how to behave. So once again, let's switch to expression once again, let's switch to expression once again, let's switch to expression because you can click this button to because you can click this button to because you can click this button to make it full screen, which is much make it full screen, which is much make it full screen, which is much easier to edit. And again, I prepared easier to edit. And again, I prepared easier to edit. And again, I prepared this ahead of time, but feel free to this ahead of time, but feel free to this ahead of time, but feel free to pause and copy it. By the way, all of pause and copy it. By the way, all of pause and copy it. By the way, all of the AI agents, all of the prompts, the AI agents, all of the prompts, the AI agents, all of the prompts, everything from this video is inside of everything from this video is inside of everything from this video is inside of the classroom of the new society. So the classroom of the new society. So the classroom of the new society. So when you go to templates and presets when you go to templates and presets when you go to templates and presets right here, you can literally get all right here, you can literally get all right here, you can literally get all the AI agents from my past videos as the AI agents from my past videos as the AI agents from my past videos as well as from this video and just copy well as from this video and just copy well as from this video and just copy paste them into your life and business. paste them into your life and business. paste them into your life and business. So actually inside of any 10 what you So actually inside of any 10 what you So actually inside of any 10 what you can do is click on these three dots in can do is click on these three dots in can do is click on these three dots in the top and click on import from file the top and click on import from file the top and click on import from file and then you can select a JSON file and then you can select a JSON file and then you can select a JSON file which is a pre-built agent and boom just which is a pre-built agent and boom just which is a pre-built agent and boom just like that I imported the full AI agent like that I imported the full AI agent like that I imported the full AI agent already configured into my NA10. So if already configured into my NA10. So if already configured into my NA10. So if you want to just skip through a lot of you want to just skip through a lot of you want to just skip through a lot of steps maybe you're a busy business owner steps maybe you're a busy business owner steps maybe you're a busy business owner you don't have time join the new society you don't have time join the new society you don't have time join the new society go into the classroom click on templates go into the classroom click on templates go into the classroom click on templates and presets and here you can access all and presets and here you can access all and presets and here you can access all of my agents all my pre-built of my agents all my pre-built of my agents all my pre-built automations all of my prompts and automations all of my prompts and automations all of my prompts and instructions everything you need to instructions everything you need to instructions everything you need to start automating your life and business. start automating your life and business. start automating your life and business. The link to new society is going to be The link to new society is going to be The link to new society is going to be below the video. Now, back to NA10. So, below the video. Now, back to NA10. So, below the video. Now, back to NA10. So, I'm going to delete this because I'm I'm going to delete this because I'm I'm going to delete this because I'm showing you how to build it from showing you how to build it from showing you how to build it from scratch, but that was just for you that scratch, but that was just for you that scratch, but that was just for you that want to skip through some steps. Let's want to skip through some steps. Let's want to skip through some steps. Let's define the AI agent. So, we have the define the AI agent. So, we have the define the AI agent. So, we have the system prompt again. Uh it just defines system prompt again. Uh it just defines system prompt again. Uh it just defines the behavior of it, right? So, what the the behavior of it, right? So, what the the behavior of it, right? So, what the task is, input explanation, how the task is, input explanation, how the task is, input explanation, how the output should look like, the tone and output should look like, the tone and output should look like, the tone and style, basic pro engineering. You can style, basic pro engineering. You can style, basic pro engineering. You can customize this for how you want your customize this for how you want your customize this for how you want your emails to look. Obviously, we still get emails to look. Obviously, we still get emails to look. Obviously, we still get an error inside of the AI agent. And the an error inside of the AI agent. And the an error inside of the AI agent. And the reason is we're lacking the chat model. reason is we're lacking the chat model. reason is we're lacking the chat model. Without the LLM, without the large Without the LLM, without the large Without the LLM, without the large language model, the AI agent is just a language model, the AI agent is just a language model, the AI agent is just a body without a brain. The LLM is the body without a brain. The LLM is the body without a brain. The LLM is the brain. It's what gives it the brain. It's what gives it the brain. It's what gives it the intelligence. Now, you can either use intelligence. Now, you can either use intelligence. Now, you can either use OpenAI for models like GPT. You can use OpenAI for models like GPT. You can use OpenAI for models like GPT. You can use Enthropic for the cloud models, Google Enthropic for the cloud models, Google Enthropic for the cloud models, Google for Gemini models, or you can use Open for Gemini models, or you can use Open for Gemini models, or you can use Open Router to access all of the models. Now, Router to access all of the models. Now, Router to access all of the models. Now, most of you are probably familiar with most of you are probably familiar with most of you are probably familiar with CHI GBD. So, we're going to stick to CHI GBD. So, we're going to stick to CHI GBD. So, we're going to stick to OpenAI. and it's also one of the OpenAI. and it's also one of the OpenAI. and it's also one of the simplest to set up. For the model, I simplest to set up. For the model, I simplest to set up. For the model, I would like to use GPD 4.1. This is one would like to use GPD 4.1. This is one would like to use GPD 4.1. This is one of the most reliable models in the world of the most reliable models in the world of the most reliable models in the world right now. It's much more reliable than right now. It's much more reliable than right now. It's much more reliable than GPD5, and sometimes it's even better to GPD5, and sometimes it's even better to GPD5, and sometimes it's even better to be honest, especially in agentic be honest, especially in agentic be honest, especially in agentic workflows. So, let's select that. Now, workflows. So, let's select that. Now, workflows. So, let's select that. Now, our automation is a bit messy. I don't our automation is a bit messy. I don't our automation is a bit messy. I don't like when it looks ugly, but we're going like when it looks ugly, but we're going like when it looks ugly, but we're going to fix that in a bit. The main part is to fix that in a bit. The main part is to fix that in a bit. The main part is we need to define the credential, right? we need to define the credential, right? we need to define the credential, right? So, this is basically the OpenAI API So, this is basically the OpenAI API So, this is basically the OpenAI API key. As you can see, I already have a key. As you can see, I already have a key. As you can see, I already have a few, but if you don't have any, just go few, but if you don't have any, just go few, but if you don't have any, just go to Google again and type in platform to Google again and type in platform to Google again and type in platform OpenAI. OpenAI. OpenAI. Boom. And click on the first link, Boom. And click on the first link, Boom. And click on the first link, platform.openai.com. platform.openai.com. platform.openai.com. In here, you need to log in with the In here, you need to log in with the In here, you need to log in with the same account as using CHBD. So, same account as using CHBD. So, same account as using CHBD. So, hopefully if you're watching this, you hopefully if you're watching this, you hopefully if you're watching this, you have a CHGBD account. If not, you're have a CHGBD account. If not, you're have a CHGBD account. If not, you're kind of falling behind. So, in top left, kind of falling behind. So, in top left, kind of falling behind. So, in top left, click on login. Once you log in, click click on login. Once you log in, click click on login. Once you log in, click on dashboard. On the left, click on API on dashboard. On the left, click on API on dashboard. On the left, click on API keys. Create new secret key. I'm going keys. Create new secret key. I'm going keys. Create new secret key. I'm going to name it NA10 follow upper. Boom. to name it NA10 follow upper. Boom. to name it NA10 follow upper. Boom. Create secret key. Once again, do not Create secret key. Once again, do not Create secret key. Once again, do not share these with anybody. Treat them as share these with anybody. Treat them as share these with anybody. Treat them as passwords. I'm going to delete this key passwords. I'm going to delete this key passwords. I'm going to delete this key before uploading this video. Go back to before uploading this video. Go back to before uploading this video. Go back to NA10. Credentials. Create new NA10. Credentials. Create new NA10. Credentials. Create new credential. Just paste your API key. credential. Just paste your API key. credential. Just paste your API key. Save. It's testing it. Boom. Just like Save. It's testing it. Boom. Just like Save. It's testing it. Boom. Just like that. Tested successfully. Which means that. Tested successfully. Which means that. Tested successfully. Which means we can now use any of the OpenAI models. we can now use any of the OpenAI models. we can now use any of the OpenAI models. And there is really like all of them. And there is really like all of them. And there is really like all of them. You can use even GBD5. If you want to You can use even GBD5. If you want to You can use even GBD5. If you want to use GPD5, you know, why not? Boom. There use GPD5, you know, why not? Boom. There use GPD5, you know, why not? Boom. There we go. GPD5 we go. GPD5 we go. GPD5 select. So now we have the AI agent with select. So now we have the AI agent with select. So now we have the AI agent with the chat model. The next thing is the the chat model. The next thing is the the chat model. The next thing is the output, right? What does the agent do? output, right? What does the agent do? output, right? What does the agent do? It needs to reply to the message aka It needs to reply to the message aka It needs to reply to the message aka send an email. So let's click plus right send an email. So let's click plus right send an email. So let's click plus right here after the agent output. We need to here after the agent output. We need to here after the agent output. We need to find the line. Click plus. Do Gmail. find the line. Click plus. Do Gmail. find the line. Click plus. Do Gmail. Select Gmail. And then reply. Reply to a Select Gmail. And then reply. Reply to a Select Gmail. And then reply. Reply to a message. Okay. Select the first one. Let message. Okay. Select the first one. Let message. Okay. Select the first one. Let me reorganize it a bit so it looks me reorganize it a bit so it looks me reorganize it a bit so it looks nicer. Very important. Double click on nicer. Very important. Double click on nicer. Very important. Double click on this once again. Select the same this once again. Select the same this once again. Select the same account. resource message operation account. resource message operation account. resource message operation reply message ID let's switch to reply message ID let's switch to reply message ID let's switch to expression the email type switch that to expression the email type switch that to expression the email type switch that to text there we go text and the message is text there we go text and the message is text there we go text and the message is just going to be JSON output switch to just going to be JSON output switch to just going to be JSON output switch to expression JSON output and that should expression JSON output and that should expression JSON output and that should be it to be honest let's save that and be it to be honest let's save that and be it to be honest let's save that and let's run this again so execute workflow let's run this again so execute workflow let's run this again so execute workflow it's finding a message there was instant it's finding a message there was instant it's finding a message there was instant now it's the AI agent is running with now it's the AI agent is running with now it's the AI agent is running with open AI API okay GPD5 will take like a open AI API okay GPD5 will take like a open AI API okay GPD5 will take like a few seconds to respond few seconds to respond few seconds to respond So, this one is writing the email So, this one is writing the email So, this one is writing the email obviously and then it's going to send obviously and then it's going to send obviously and then it's going to send the email and the loop over again if we the email and the loop over again if we the email and the loop over again if we have more items obviously because this have more items obviously because this have more items obviously because this one can work um even if you have 20 one can work um even if you have 20 one can work um even if you have 20 emails right that you send out. Oh, emails right that you send out. Oh, emails right that you send out. Oh, there we go. So, workflow has finished. there we go. So, workflow has finished. there we go. So, workflow has finished. Let's check our email. Did this get a Let's check our email. Did this get a Let's check our email. Did this get a follow-up. Okay. And I can already see follow-up. Okay. And I can already see follow-up. Okay. And I can already see that it did which is beautiful. So, look that it did which is beautiful. So, look that it did which is beautiful. So, look at this. Hey there, following up on my at this. Hey there, following up on my at this. Hey there, following up on my note from the other day in case it note from the other day in case it note from the other day in case it through. I'm happy to reset context. through. I'm happy to reset context. through. I'm happy to reset context. Isn't this beautiful? We just got an AI Isn't this beautiful? We just got an AI Isn't this beautiful? We just got an AI agent automatically follow up on an agent automatically follow up on an agent automatically follow up on an email that I sent out. Now, obviously in email that I sent out. Now, obviously in email that I sent out. Now, obviously in this case it was 38 minutes ago, but this case it was 38 minutes ago, but this case it was 38 minutes ago, but imagine this was sent like a few days imagine this was sent like a few days imagine this was sent like a few days ago, right? And it didn't get a ago, right? And it didn't get a ago, right? And it didn't get a response. AI agent runs, follows up. response. AI agent runs, follows up. response. AI agent runs, follows up. Amazing. Like this is going to save so Amazing. Like this is going to save so Amazing. Like this is going to save so many hours in so many businesses and so many hours in so many businesses and so many hours in so many businesses and so many jobs. It's crazy. This is not going many jobs. It's crazy. This is not going many jobs. It's crazy. This is not going to replace jobs. A lot of people listen to replace jobs. A lot of people listen to replace jobs. A lot of people listen to, you know, Sam Alman, Dario, these to, you know, Sam Alman, Dario, these to, you know, Sam Alman, Dario, these people who hype up You have to people who hype up You have to people who hype up You have to realize the CEOs of the companies, they realize the CEOs of the companies, they realize the CEOs of the companies, they have the most incentive to hype have the most incentive to hype have the most incentive to hype everything up. However, AI agents are everything up. However, AI agents are everything up. However, AI agents are going to replace the most repetitive, going to replace the most repetitive, going to replace the most repetitive, boring parts of your job. So, you can boring parts of your job. So, you can boring parts of your job. So, you can focus on the creative stuff because focus on the creative stuff because focus on the creative stuff because LLMs, news flash, are not creative and LLMs, news flash, are not creative and LLMs, news flash, are not creative and it will not be solved just by scaling. it will not be solved just by scaling. it will not be solved just by scaling. It will needs an entirely different It will needs an entirely different It will needs an entirely different architecture. Why? Because large architecture. Why? Because large architecture. Why? Because large language models are sequence models. All language models are sequence models. All language models are sequence models. All they do is predict the next word aka the they do is predict the next word aka the they do is predict the next word aka the next token. So, they cannot have a next token. So, they cannot have a next token. So, they cannot have a inventive original thought like humans inventive original thought like humans inventive original thought like humans can. So, what I'm trying to say is that can. So, what I'm trying to say is that can. So, what I'm trying to say is that you don't have to worry for your job. you don't have to worry for your job. you don't have to worry for your job. Instead, you should be excited that Instead, you should be excited that Instead, you should be excited that agents like this can replace all the agents like this can replace all the agents like this can replace all the boring in your job and you'll do boring in your job and you'll do boring in your job and you'll do the creative high leverage stuff. And the creative high leverage stuff. And the creative high leverage stuff. And again, this is just the first of the six again, this is just the first of the six again, this is just the first of the six AI agents I'm going to show you. Plus, AI agents I'm going to show you. Plus, AI agents I'm going to show you. Plus, later in the video, I'll show you how later in the video, I'll show you how later in the video, I'll show you how you can actually make real money by you can actually make real money by you can actually make real money by selling NAT agents like this one to selling NAT agents like this one to selling NAT agents like this one to businesses for thousands of dollars. businesses for thousands of dollars. businesses for thousands of dollars. However, in order to start building AI However, in order to start building AI However, in order to start building AI agents, either for yourself or for other agents, either for yourself or for other agents, either for yourself or for other businesses, you need to know how to host businesses, you need to know how to host businesses, you need to know how to host them, which is one of the biggest them, which is one of the biggest them, which is one of the biggest problems beginners face. Luckily, the problems beginners face. Luckily, the problems beginners face. Luckily, the solution is quite simple and that is solution is quite simple and that is solution is quite simple and that is Hostinger. This is what I use for all of Hostinger. This is what I use for all of Hostinger. This is what I use for all of my AI agents, for all of the AI agents my AI agents, for all of the AI agents my AI agents, for all of the AI agents we use in our team because it's the we use in our team because it's the we use in our team because it's the simplest way you can start building AI simplest way you can start building AI simplest way you can start building AI agents, plus one of the most affordable agents, plus one of the most affordable agents, plus one of the most affordable ways as well. So, let me show you how to ways as well. So, let me show you how to ways as well. So, let me show you how to set it up. If you get the KVM2 plan, set it up. If you get the KVM2 plan, set it up. If you get the KVM2 plan, which I would recommend you to get, you which I would recommend you to get, you which I would recommend you to get, you can literally run hundreds of AI agents can literally run hundreds of AI agents can literally run hundreds of AI agents on this plan, and it will cost you way on this plan, and it will cost you way on this plan, and it will cost you way less than if you used the NA10 Cloud, less than if you used the NA10 Cloud, less than if you used the NA10 Cloud, especially if you go with the 24 month especially if you go with the 24 month especially if you go with the 24 month option, which I definitely recommend you option, which I definitely recommend you option, which I definitely recommend you do because you want your AI agents do because you want your AI agents do because you want your AI agents running forever. You build them once and running forever. You build them once and running forever. You build them once and they save you time in perpetuity. And they save you time in perpetuity. And they save you time in perpetuity. And since Hostinger was kind enough to since Hostinger was kind enough to since Hostinger was kind enough to sponsor this video, if you use the sponsor this video, if you use the sponsor this video, if you use the coupon code David, you will save coupon code David, you will save coupon code David, you will save additional 10% off on your annual or additional 10% off on your annual or additional 10% off on your annual or 2-year plan. Then what remains is 2-year plan. Then what remains is 2-year plan. Then what remains is selecting the server location. So just selecting the server location. So just selecting the server location. So just select whatever is closest to you. I'm select whatever is closest to you. I'm select whatever is closest to you. I'm in Czech Republic, so Germany is super in Czech Republic, so Germany is super in Czech Republic, so Germany is super close. And then for the operating close. And then for the operating close. And then for the operating system, click on NA10. They literally system, click on NA10. They literally system, click on NA10. They literally have a one-click install template for have a one-click install template for have a one-click install template for NA10. It couldn't be any easier. So NA10. It couldn't be any easier. So NA10. It couldn't be any easier. So click on confirm and then click on click on confirm and then click on click on confirm and then click on continue and log in with your hosting continue and log in with your hosting continue and log in with your hosting account or just create one. And the last account or just create one. And the last account or just create one. And the last thing that remains is filling out your thing that remains is filling out your thing that remains is filling out your billing details and your credit card. billing details and your credit card. billing details and your credit card. I've been using Hostinger for months to I've been using Hostinger for months to I've been using Hostinger for months to host my enter agents. And it really is host my enter agents. And it really is host my enter agents. And it really is the simplest and most affordable way to the simplest and most affordable way to the simplest and most affordable way to do so. So again, make sure to check out do so. So again, make sure to check out do so. So again, make sure to check out the link description and remember to use the link description and remember to use the link description and remember to use code David to get 10% off. All right. So code David to get 10% off. All right. So code David to get 10% off. All right. So once you have your Hostinger VPS, go to once you have your Hostinger VPS, go to once you have your Hostinger VPS, go to the panel, click on home, and select the panel, click on home, and select the panel, click on home, and select manage. Here we can see how our virtual manage. Here we can see how our virtual manage. Here we can see how our virtual private server is running and all the private server is running and all the private server is running and all the usage you see about it. So this is usage you see about it. So this is usage you see about it. So this is another advantage over the N10 cloud. another advantage over the N10 cloud. another advantage over the N10 cloud. You can actually see this data that NA10 You can actually see this data that NA10 You can actually see this data that NA10 otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we need to click is manage app and this need to click is manage app and this need to click is manage app and this will launch the NA10 server where we can will launch the NA10 server where we can will launch the NA10 server where we can see all of our AI agents. All right, see all of our AI agents. All right, see all of our AI agents. All right, let's look at the second AI agent which let's look at the second AI agent which let's look at the second AI agent which is realistic AI videos. And there is is realistic AI videos. And there is is realistic AI videos. And there is hundreds of ways you can do this. You hundreds of ways you can do this. You hundreds of ways you can do this. You can use it for marketing, for B-roll in can use it for marketing, for B-roll in can use it for marketing, for B-roll in videos, for you know promotions like um videos, for you know promotions like um videos, for you know promotions like um for uh interviews, for upskilling your for uh interviews, for upskilling your for uh interviews, for upskilling your employees. I mean get creative. You know employees. I mean get creative. You know employees. I mean get creative. You know realistic videos are changing the world. realistic videos are changing the world. realistic videos are changing the world. There's like the startup Synasia I'm There's like the startup Synasia I'm There's like the startup Synasia I'm going to pop up on screen that is going to pop up on screen that is going to pop up on screen that is scaling like crazy. I think they're like scaling like crazy. I think they're like scaling like crazy. I think they're like 200 million ARR and all they do is like 200 million ARR and all they do is like 200 million ARR and all they do is like create realistic video avatars, right? create realistic video avatars, right? create realistic video avatars, right? So this automation is going to teach you So this automation is going to teach you So this automation is going to teach you how to do that. It's actually pretty how to do that. It's actually pretty how to do that. It's actually pretty simple. So trigger the trigger doesn't simple. So trigger the trigger doesn't simple. So trigger the trigger doesn't really matter to be honest. Here I have really matter to be honest. Here I have really matter to be honest. Here I have a schedule trigger. You can do WhatsApp, a schedule trigger. You can do WhatsApp, a schedule trigger. You can do WhatsApp, Telegram, up to you. Trigger isn't the Telegram, up to you. Trigger isn't the Telegram, up to you. Trigger isn't the main thing here. The main thing is main thing here. The main thing is main thing here. The main thing is honestly the V3, but we're going to get honestly the V3, but we're going to get honestly the V3, but we're going to get to that. Be patient. Second note is to that. Be patient. Second note is to that. Be patient. Second note is Google Sheets, right? So, so this is Google Sheets, right? So, so this is Google Sheets, right? So, so this is simple get rows in a sheet. You connect simple get rows in a sheet. You connect simple get rows in a sheet. You connect Google Sheets API just like we did with Google Sheets API just like we did with Google Sheets API just like we did with Gmail API earlier. Then resource click Gmail API earlier. Then resource click Gmail API earlier. Then resource click on sheet within document operation get on sheet within document operation get on sheet within document operation get rows and then document by URL. So here rows and then document by URL. So here rows and then document by URL. So here is the doc for this and for this example is the doc for this and for this example is the doc for this and for this example I'm going to keep it super simple and I'm going to keep it super simple and I'm going to keep it super simple and I'm following a trend. It's actually I'm following a trend. It's actually I'm following a trend. It's actually much bigger than I thought which is ASMR much bigger than I thought which is ASMR much bigger than I thought which is ASMR videos. Right? So let me show you videos. Right? So let me show you videos. Right? So let me show you example. So here's an example of a video example. So here's an example of a video example. So here's an example of a video completely generated with AI including completely generated with AI including completely generated with AI including the sound. So take a listen. So yeah, this is ASMR. Uh to be honest, So yeah, this is ASMR. Uh to be honest, So yeah, this is ASMR. Uh to be honest, I don't really watch or listen to ASMR, I don't really watch or listen to ASMR, I don't really watch or listen to ASMR, but you'll be surprised how big the but you'll be surprised how big the but you'll be surprised how big the market is. I mean, some of these videos market is. I mean, some of these videos market is. I mean, some of these videos are getting hundreds of millions of are getting hundreds of millions of are getting hundreds of millions of views, but again, you can use this views, but again, you can use this views, but again, you can use this anyway. I'll show you how to customize anyway. I'll show you how to customize anyway. I'll show you how to customize the prompt. So yeah, you attach the the prompt. So yeah, you attach the the prompt. So yeah, you attach the Google sheet, then you select which Google sheet, then you select which Google sheet, then you select which sheet because, you know, sheets have sheet because, you know, sheets have sheet because, you know, sheets have different pages. So just select the different pages. So just select the different pages. So just select the correct page. Then underneath filters correct page. Then underneath filters correct page. Then underneath filters column, click on status and then value column, click on status and then value column, click on status and then value start. So when this goes to start this start. So when this goes to start this start. So when this goes to start this is when the automation will be triggered is when the automation will be triggered is when the automation will be triggered right. So we can do like a marketing right. So we can do like a marketing right. So we can do like a marketing video for a real estate company blah video for a real estate company blah video for a real estate company blah blah blah whatever you want this is the blah blah whatever you want this is the blah blah whatever you want this is the video ID release this is the prompt and video ID release this is the prompt and video ID release this is the prompt and then you switch it to start and the then you switch it to start and the then you switch it to start and the trigger will pick it up and under trigger will pick it up and under trigger will pick it up and under combine filters select and and that's it combine filters select and and that's it combine filters select and and that's it as you can see the Google sheets note is as you can see the Google sheets note is as you can see the Google sheets note is pretty simple then we have a AI agent pretty simple then we have a AI agent pretty simple then we have a AI agent and this guy is responsible for writing and this guy is responsible for writing and this guy is responsible for writing the prompt. So whatever you write here, the prompt. So whatever you write here, the prompt. So whatever you write here, you just put the video idea. This AI you just put the video idea. This AI you just put the video idea. This AI agent has a prompt that is optimized for agent has a prompt that is optimized for agent has a prompt that is optimized for creating. Well, this one again is for creating. Well, this one again is for creating. Well, this one again is for ASMR, but you can style this for like ASMR, but you can style this for like ASMR, but you can style this for like marketing videos, right? So you can say marketing videos, right? So you can say marketing videos, right? So you can say marketing marketing marketing marketing video copywriter, right? marketing video copywriter, right? marketing video copywriter, right? Whatever you need for your own use case. Whatever you need for your own use case. Whatever you need for your own use case. Feel free to update this prompt. But Feel free to update this prompt. But Feel free to update this prompt. But basically, this turns the vague video basically, this turns the vague video basically, this turns the vague video idea into an optimized prompt for V3, idea into an optimized prompt for V3, idea into an optimized prompt for V3, which is the video model we're using. which is the video model we're using. which is the video model we're using. Uh, in this case, we're using OpenAI Uh, in this case, we're using OpenAI Uh, in this case, we're using OpenAI GBD4 mini. Again, whatever model you GBD4 mini. Again, whatever model you GBD4 mini. Again, whatever model you prefer. My favorite is GBD4.1. It's more prefer. My favorite is GBD4.1. It's more prefer. My favorite is GBD4.1. It's more powerful than the mini, and it's very powerful than the mini, and it's very powerful than the mini, and it's very cheap as well. Let me save that cheap as well. Let me save that cheap as well. Let me save that actually. And then this is the main actually. And then this is the main actually. And then this is the main part, the HTTP request, right? So, what part, the HTTP request, right? So, what part, the HTTP request, right? So, what does this do? Again, you might be does this do? Again, you might be does this do? Again, you might be thinking, okay, David, I don't know what thinking, okay, David, I don't know what thinking, okay, David, I don't know what HTTP is. Honestly, you don't even need HTTP is. Honestly, you don't even need HTTP is. Honestly, you don't even need to understand what HTTP stands for. For to understand what HTTP stands for. For to understand what HTTP stands for. For those who are curious, it's hypertext those who are curious, it's hypertext those who are curious, it's hypertext transfer protocol. But the main thing is transfer protocol. But the main thing is transfer protocol. But the main thing is is that we do a request to this URL. is that we do a request to this URL. is that we do a request to this URL. Okay, so this is the URL where V3 is Okay, so this is the URL where V3 is Okay, so this is the URL where V3 is hosted. We're using replicate for this. hosted. We're using replicate for this. hosted. We're using replicate for this. Honestly, you can think of replicate as Honestly, you can think of replicate as Honestly, you can think of replicate as kind of an open router but for videos kind of an open router but for videos kind of an open router but for videos and AI images, right? But it's more than and AI images, right? But it's more than and AI images, right? But it's more than that because you can actually host the that because you can actually host the that because you can actually host the models here as well. Open router is just models here as well. Open router is just models here as well. Open router is just the router. But as you can see here, we the router. But as you can see here, we the router. But as you can see here, we already have V3 fast. We have some other already have V3 fast. We have some other already have V3 fast. We have some other AI video models. Uh but for this we're AI video models. Uh but for this we're AI video models. Uh but for this we're using Google V3. This is the most using Google V3. This is the most using Google V3. This is the most powerful version of Google's video powerful version of Google's video powerful version of Google's video model. And look at this realism, right? model. And look at this realism, right? model. And look at this realism, right? You upload an image and then it gives You upload an image and then it gives You upload an image and then it gives you a realistic video which you could you a realistic video which you could you a realistic video which you could easily fool a lot of people with this. easily fool a lot of people with this. easily fool a lot of people with this. So in here, if you click on HTTP, you So in here, if you click on HTTP, you So in here, if you click on HTTP, you get instructions on how to do the get instructions on how to do the get instructions on how to do the request, right? You see the request, right? You see the request, right? You see the authorization be better token. You see authorization be better token. You see authorization be better token. You see the headers. You see the prompt right the headers. You see the prompt right the headers. You see the prompt right here. Resolution aspect ratio. So here. Resolution aspect ratio. So here. Resolution aspect ratio. So replicate gives you everything you need. replicate gives you everything you need. replicate gives you everything you need. And all you can also use it in Python, And all you can also use it in Python, And all you can also use it in Python, NodeJS, whatever you want. So this is NodeJS, whatever you want. So this is NodeJS, whatever you want. So this is the power of replicate and it makes it the power of replicate and it makes it the power of replicate and it makes it very easy where you don't have to host very easy where you don't have to host very easy where you don't have to host these models yourself. Right? So we're these models yourself. Right? So we're these models yourself. Right? So we're using a basic HTTP request to the using a basic HTTP request to the using a basic HTTP request to the replicate URL. And then just like I replicate URL. And then just like I replicate URL. And then just like I said, we send the headers specify them said, we send the headers specify them said, we send the headers specify them exactly as they are specified right exactly as they are specified right exactly as they are specified right here. So, authorization and we put the here. So, authorization and we put the here. So, authorization and we put the bearer token and this is actually your bearer token and this is actually your bearer token and this is actually your replicate API key. So, do not share this replicate API key. So, do not share this replicate API key. So, do not share this with anybody. I'm going to have to with anybody. I'm going to have to with anybody. I'm going to have to delete mine after upload or before delete mine after upload or before delete mine after upload or before uploading this video. Hopefully, I don't uploading this video. Hopefully, I don't uploading this video. Hopefully, I don't forget. But yeah, this is your API key. forget. But yeah, this is your API key. forget. But yeah, this is your API key. So, it looks like this or whatever So, it looks like this or whatever So, it looks like this or whatever whatever whatever. And just if you're whatever whatever. And just if you're whatever whatever. And just if you're curious, you can create this in your curious, you can create this in your curious, you can create this in your account. So, click on your account, account. So, click on your account, account. So, click on your account, click on API tokens here. Put your uh click on API tokens here. Put your uh click on API tokens here. Put your uh API name. So, I can put like VO free API name. So, I can put like VO free API name. So, I can put like VO free agent and just create token. Now, I agent and just create token. Now, I agent and just create token. Now, I think you get a few dollars for free, think you get a few dollars for free, think you get a few dollars for free, but if it doesn't work, just charge up but if it doesn't work, just charge up but if it doesn't work, just charge up like $3 and you'll be fine. Just keep in like $3 and you'll be fine. Just keep in like $3 and you'll be fine. Just keep in mind if you want to create hundreds of mind if you want to create hundreds of mind if you want to create hundreds of videos with V3, it is more expensive videos with V3, it is more expensive videos with V3, it is more expensive than languages, right? Generating videos than languages, right? Generating videos than languages, right? Generating videos is more expensive than generating text. is more expensive than generating text. is more expensive than generating text. So, you know, keep that in mind. The So, you know, keep that in mind. The So, you know, keep that in mind. The costs are $320 per 8second video. So, if costs are $320 per 8second video. So, if costs are $320 per 8second video. So, if you are completely broke, this agent is you are completely broke, this agent is you are completely broke, this agent is not for you. But if you have that not for you. But if you have that not for you. But if you have that hustle, if you have that entrepreneurial hustle, if you have that entrepreneurial hustle, if you have that entrepreneurial resourcefulness, you can flip these resourcefulness, you can flip these resourcefulness, you can flip these videos for hundreds of dollars. Like you videos for hundreds of dollars. Like you videos for hundreds of dollars. Like you can sell video creatives for companies. can sell video creatives for companies. can sell video creatives for companies. You can sell mockups like interior You can sell mockups like interior You can sell mockups like interior design, walkthroughs, digital. Like design, walkthroughs, digital. Like design, walkthroughs, digital. Like there's infinite opportunity, guys. there's infinite opportunity, guys. there's infinite opportunity, guys. Literally infinite. All you need to have Literally infinite. All you need to have Literally infinite. All you need to have is a bit of initiative and the slightest is a bit of initiative and the slightest is a bit of initiative and the slightest bit of work ethic and you can make it. bit of work ethic and you can make it. bit of work ethic and you can make it. You can make so much money with AI. It's You can make so much money with AI. It's You can make so much money with AI. It's kind of disgusting. So this is the setup kind of disgusting. So this is the setup kind of disgusting. So this is the setup for the headers. again authorization for the headers. again authorization for the headers. again authorization better API key name prefer value weight better API key name prefer value weight better API key name prefer value weight send body and then body content type send body and then body content type send body and then body content type JSON specify body using JSON and by the JSON specify body using JSON and by the JSON specify body using JSON and by the way if you pay attention this JSON is way if you pay attention this JSON is way if you pay attention this JSON is literally this part of the HTTP request literally this part of the HTTP request literally this part of the HTTP request right so N10 just makes it a bit simpler right so N10 just makes it a bit simpler right so N10 just makes it a bit simpler by splitting it into multiple fields but by splitting it into multiple fields but by splitting it into multiple fields but you get the point right so here we need you get the point right so here we need you get the point right so here we need this is important we actually cannot this is important we actually cannot this is important we actually cannot send the new lines so by doing u this a send the new lines so by doing u this a send the new lines so by doing u this a little bit of reg x you know that little bit of reg x you know that little bit of reg x you know that replace we replace these new line replace we replace these new line replace we replace these new line characters because that's one thing that characters because that's one thing that characters because that's one thing that replicate doesn't really like. So yeah, replicate doesn't really like. So yeah, replicate doesn't really like. So yeah, just make sure there's new line no new just make sure there's new line no new just make sure there's new line no new line characters when you're sending line characters when you're sending line characters when you're sending this. And that's pretty much it for the this. And that's pretty much it for the this. And that's pretty much it for the HTTP request. It's not that difficult. HTTP request. It's not that difficult. HTTP request. It's not that difficult. And actually, I can put something here. And actually, I can put something here. And actually, I can put something here. Let me flip this to start. We can flip Let me flip this to start. We can flip Let me flip this to start. We can flip this to finish. I can say um strawberry this to finish. I can say um strawberry this to finish. I can say um strawberry in the spirit of, you know, strawberry in the spirit of, you know, strawberry in the spirit of, you know, strawberry for OpenAI. Let's create a video about a for OpenAI. Let's create a video about a for OpenAI. Let's create a video about a strawberry. Let's go step by step. strawberry. Let's go step by step. strawberry. Let's go step by step. Schedule trigger. Let's run this. Schedule trigger. Let's run this. Schedule trigger. Let's run this. Successful. Get rows in sheet. Boom. So, Successful. Get rows in sheet. Boom. So, Successful. Get rows in sheet. Boom. So, this got Yeah, correct. Nice. We're this got Yeah, correct. Nice. We're this got Yeah, correct. Nice. We're going to send this to the AI agent. The going to send this to the AI agent. The going to send this to the AI agent. The agent is going to write the prompt for agent is going to write the prompt for agent is going to write the prompt for this. Next up, HTTP request. This one is this. Next up, HTTP request. This one is this. Next up, HTTP request. This one is going to create a video. Then, it's going to create a video. Then, it's going to create a video. Then, it's going to be sent to this one, which is going to be sent to this one, which is going to be sent to this one, which is another HTTP request. And this basically another HTTP request. And this basically another HTTP request. And this basically streams the the output. That's it. This streams the the output. That's it. This streams the the output. That's it. This doesn't really do anything else. Method doesn't really do anything else. Method doesn't really do anything else. Method get URL JSON URL stream. Maybe there's a get URL JSON URL stream. Maybe there's a get URL JSON URL stream. Maybe there's a simpler way to do it, but hey, this simpler way to do it, but hey, this simpler way to do it, but hey, this works, you know. If you know of a better works, you know. If you know of a better works, you know. If you know of a better way, feel free to comment below. And by way, feel free to comment below. And by way, feel free to comment below. And by the way, if you want to see more NA10 the way, if you want to see more NA10 the way, if you want to see more NA10 videos, make sure to subscribe. You videos, make sure to subscribe. You videos, make sure to subscribe. You would be surprised how strong of a would be surprised how strong of a would be surprised how strong of a signal that is. It takes like two signal that is. It takes like two signal that is. It takes like two seconds to subscribe. It's completely seconds to subscribe. It's completely seconds to subscribe. It's completely free and it tells me you like this type free and it tells me you like this type free and it tells me you like this type of content. So if you want to see more of content. So if you want to see more of content. So if you want to see more NA10 videos on your YouTube recommended NA10 videos on your YouTube recommended NA10 videos on your YouTube recommended page, go below the video and subscribe page, go below the video and subscribe page, go below the video and subscribe right now. So again, this one we right now. So again, this one we right now. So again, this one we covered. This one I showed you just now. covered. This one I showed you just now. covered. This one I showed you just now. It streams the output and then it It streams the output and then it It streams the output and then it uploads it to Google Drive. Resource uploads it to Google Drive. Resource uploads it to Google Drive. Resource file operation upload input data field file operation upload input data field file operation upload input data field name data file name. This honestly name data file name. This honestly name data file name. This honestly doesn't matter much, but here we just doesn't matter much, but here we just doesn't matter much, but here we just have it for the video idea. So, it have it for the video idea. So, it have it for the video idea. So, it matches the video idea. That's the file matches the video idea. That's the file matches the video idea. That's the file name. And then you put my drive and the name. And then you put my drive and the name. And then you put my drive and the URL folder. Pretty simple. Just like URL folder. Pretty simple. Just like URL folder. Pretty simple. Just like other Google notes. If you learn a few other Google notes. If you learn a few other Google notes. If you learn a few of these um Google services, Gmail, of these um Google services, Gmail, of these um Google services, Gmail, sheets, you'll be able to do all of sheets, you'll be able to do all of sheets, you'll be able to do all of them. Whether it's calendar, whether them. Whether it's calendar, whether them. Whether it's calendar, whether it's u Google Drive, whether it's I it's u Google Drive, whether it's I it's u Google Drive, whether it's I don't know what else. What else is in don't know what else. What else is in don't know what else. What else is in the guitue? They have so many services. the guitue? They have so many services. the guitue? They have so many services. It's crazy. If you learn a few of them, It's crazy. If you learn a few of them, It's crazy. If you learn a few of them, you can do all of them. Basically NA10 you can do all of them. Basically NA10 you can do all of them. Basically NA10 is really compounding like that and then is really compounding like that and then is really compounding like that and then Google sheets up update row and sheet. Google sheets up update row and sheet. Google sheets up update row and sheet. So overall this agent again is simple. So overall this agent again is simple. So overall this agent again is simple. This is six simple agents all people This is six simple agents all people This is six simple agents all people should have. So you know it's nothing should have. So you know it's nothing should have. So you know it's nothing crazy but you can see this is very crazy but you can see this is very crazy but you can see this is very powerful because you could have your powerful because you could have your powerful because you could have your client post stuff here and you could client post stuff here and you could client post stuff here and you could maybe charge them you know $50 per video maybe charge them you know $50 per video maybe charge them you know $50 per video where it's costing you $320 per video. where it's costing you $320 per video. where it's costing you $320 per video. Very nice arbitrage and a lot of people Very nice arbitrage and a lot of people Very nice arbitrage and a lot of people in the new society are actually doing in the new society are actually doing in the new society are actually doing business models like this. You know, business models like this. You know, business models like this. You know, everybody wants to make like 10k a month everybody wants to make like 10k a month everybody wants to make like 10k a month with AI, but a lot of people just want with AI, but a lot of people just want with AI, but a lot of people just want to make $2,000 as a multiple sources of to make $2,000 as a multiple sources of to make $2,000 as a multiple sources of income. You know, like a lot of people income. You know, like a lot of people income. You know, like a lot of people have a job and they don't want to quit have a job and they don't want to quit have a job and they don't want to quit it. They just want to have a second it. They just want to have a second it. They just want to have a second source of income with AI. It's totally source of income with AI. It's totally source of income with AI. It's totally possible and I've seen it dozens of possible and I've seen it dozens of possible and I've seen it dozens of times. So, let's run it. We have the We times. So, let's run it. We have the We times. So, let's run it. We have the We have the prompt. Let's look at a wrote a have the prompt. Let's look at a wrote a have the prompt. Let's look at a wrote a detailed prompt for how it should sound, detailed prompt for how it should sound, detailed prompt for how it should sound, how it should look like. Then, we're how it should look like. Then, we're how it should look like. Then, we're running replicate. This one is the running replicate. This one is the running replicate. This one is the longest one because it's generating the longest one because it's generating the longest one because it's generating the video. usually takes between 30 and 60 video. usually takes between 30 and 60 video. usually takes between 30 and 60 seconds from my testing. Okay, there we seconds from my testing. Okay, there we seconds from my testing. Okay, there we go. Video has been generated. If we look go. Video has been generated. If we look go. Video has been generated. If we look at this, we have this output. at this, we have this output. at this, we have this output. So this node kind of simplifies that So this node kind of simplifies that So this node kind of simplifies that just rereams it into a file name. So we just rereams it into a file name. So we just rereams it into a file name. So we actually have the file with 2.4 actually have the file with 2.4 actually have the file with 2.4 megabytes which we can then upload into megabytes which we can then upload into megabytes which we can then upload into Google Drive. So that's why this node is Google Drive. So that's why this node is Google Drive. So that's why this node is necessary. It's kind of just formatting necessary. It's kind of just formatting necessary. It's kind of just formatting for Google Drive. Let's run it. for Google Drive. Let's run it. for Google Drive. Let's run it. Uploading the file also takes a few Uploading the file also takes a few Uploading the file also takes a few seconds. since it's on a server and then seconds. since it's on a server and then seconds. since it's on a server and then it just updates the row in a sheet it just updates the row in a sheet it just updates the row in a sheet because right now we have um the start because right now we have um the start because right now we have um the start and we don't have the link. So this and we don't have the link. So this and we don't have the link. So this should update the sheet so that this is should update the sheet so that this is should update the sheet so that this is flipped to finished and we have the flipped to finished and we have the flipped to finished and we have the link. Beautiful. Let's look at the link. Beautiful. Let's look at the link. Beautiful. Let's look at the video. Man, the sounds are so realistic. That's Man, the sounds are so realistic. That's Man, the sounds are so realistic. That's crazy. And yeah, this is um crazy. And yeah, this is um crazy. And yeah, this is um hyperrealistic hyperrealistic hyperrealistic AI video using the best AI model in the AI video using the best AI model in the AI video using the best AI model in the world. And again, feel free to customize world. And again, feel free to customize world. And again, feel free to customize this prompt. All you need to do is this prompt. All you need to do is this prompt. All you need to do is change the prompt of this AI agent to be change the prompt of this AI agent to be change the prompt of this AI agent to be optimized for marketing, recruiting, uh optimized for marketing, recruiting, uh optimized for marketing, recruiting, uh video creatives, whatever types of video creatives, whatever types of video creatives, whatever types of videos you want to make. B-roll for videos you want to make. B-roll for videos you want to make. B-roll for YouTube videos, faceless YouTube YouTube videos, faceless YouTube YouTube videos, faceless YouTube channels, you can start with this. I channels, you can start with this. I channels, you can start with this. I mean, the opportunities are endless, mean, the opportunities are endless, mean, the opportunities are endless, right? Just customize this prompt so right? Just customize this prompt so right? Just customize this prompt so that it generates videos that you want that it generates videos that you want that it generates videos that you want and that's pretty much it. You can get and that's pretty much it. You can get and that's pretty much it. You can get started with it using the best video started with it using the best video started with it using the best video model in the world. Now, if you think model in the world. Now, if you think model in the world. Now, if you think generating hyperrealistic videos with generating hyperrealistic videos with generating hyperrealistic videos with matching sound is impressive, just wait matching sound is impressive, just wait matching sound is impressive, just wait until you see what's coming. So here is until you see what's coming. So here is until you see what's coming. So here is the first simple AI agent everybody the first simple AI agent everybody the first simple AI agent everybody needs and this one has a bit more nodes needs and this one has a bit more nodes needs and this one has a bit more nodes but it's actually pretty simple. So let but it's actually pretty simple. So let but it's actually pretty simple. So let me walk through. So here we actually me walk through. So here we actually me walk through. So here we actually have two schedule triggers. This one is have two schedule triggers. This one is have two schedule triggers. This one is running every 11 hours. And basically running every 11 hours. And basically running every 11 hours. And basically what this agent does is tracking a what this agent does is tracking a what this agent does is tracking a YouTube channel's performance very very YouTube channel's performance very very YouTube channel's performance very very accurately. So maybe you have some accurately. So maybe you have some accurately. So maybe you have some competitors or maybe you want to track competitors or maybe you want to track competitors or maybe you want to track your own channel. Doesn't matter. Or your own channel. Doesn't matter. Or your own channel. Doesn't matter. Or maybe you want to sell this to a client. maybe you want to sell this to a client. maybe you want to sell this to a client. You know there's plenty of YouTubers who You know there's plenty of YouTubers who You know there's plenty of YouTubers who would buy something like this. I mean, would buy something like this. I mean, would buy something like this. I mean, if you showed me this like a few months if you showed me this like a few months if you showed me this like a few months back before I really locked in on any back before I really locked in on any back before I really locked in on any 10, I would definitely pay $500,000 10, I would definitely pay $500,000 10, I would definitely pay $500,000 minimum because you'll see these reports minimum because you'll see these reports minimum because you'll see these reports that this agent generates are very, very that this agent generates are very, very that this agent generates are very, very detailed with graphs and stuff. So, detailed with graphs and stuff. So, detailed with graphs and stuff. So, basically, this trigger runs every 11 basically, this trigger runs every 11 basically, this trigger runs every 11 hours. It checks the RSS feed. So, this hours. It checks the RSS feed. So, this hours. It checks the RSS feed. So, this is my channel as an example, but u yeah, is my channel as an example, but u yeah, is my channel as an example, but u yeah, it just checks my videos. Then, we have it just checks my videos. Then, we have it just checks my videos. Then, we have a code block which filters out all the a code block which filters out all the a code block which filters out all the items to only the ones published in the items to only the ones published in the items to only the ones published in the last 12 hours. So we don't want to be last 12 hours. So we don't want to be last 12 hours. So we don't want to be retracting the same videos over and retracting the same videos over and retracting the same videos over and over. So that's what this code block over. So that's what this code block over. So that's what this code block does. To be honest, if you are scared of does. To be honest, if you are scared of does. To be honest, if you are scared of code blocks, you can probably like use code blocks, you can probably like use code blocks, you can probably like use some of these um default ones, data some of these um default ones, data some of these um default ones, data transformation like edit fields, filter, transformation like edit fields, filter, transformation like edit fields, filter, stuff like that. But a lot of the times stuff like that. But a lot of the times stuff like that. But a lot of the times it's just simpler to go to JBD, ask it it's just simpler to go to JBD, ask it it's just simpler to go to JBD, ask it to write the code and use a single to write the code and use a single to write the code and use a single JavaScript code block than, you know, JavaScript code block than, you know, JavaScript code block than, you know, five different manual NAN logics and five different manual NAN logics and five different manual NAN logics and loops and conditionals. It's up to you. loops and conditionals. It's up to you. loops and conditionals. It's up to you. whatever you want. Next, we have a whatever you want. Next, we have a whatever you want. Next, we have a Google Sheets append row in sheet. So, Google Sheets append row in sheet. So, Google Sheets append row in sheet. So, this actually sets the status to start. this actually sets the status to start. this actually sets the status to start. So, here you know, boom, start. And this So, here you know, boom, start. And this So, here you know, boom, start. And this is how it looks like, by the way. So, is how it looks like, by the way. So, is how it looks like, by the way. So, you can see this is measuring like which you can see this is measuring like which you can see this is measuring like which videos are performing on day one, day videos are performing on day one, day videos are performing on day one, day three, day um yeah, 1 2 3 7 14 30 which three, day um yeah, 1 2 3 7 14 30 which three, day um yeah, 1 2 3 7 14 30 which shows you outliers, which is very very shows you outliers, which is very very shows you outliers, which is very very important to know like maybe your own important to know like maybe your own important to know like maybe your own channel or your competitors which videos channel or your competitors which videos channel or your competitors which videos are outliers. You can study those. You are outliers. You can study those. You are outliers. You can study those. You can think of similar ideas, stuff like can think of similar ideas, stuff like can think of similar ideas, stuff like that, right? So, this this agent is very that, right? So, this this agent is very that, right? So, this this agent is very powerful and again lots of YouTubers powerful and again lots of YouTubers powerful and again lots of YouTubers would pay some serious money to have it would pay some serious money to have it would pay some serious money to have it and it's building is much simpler than and it's building is much simpler than and it's building is much simpler than it might seem. So, again, this uh append it might seem. So, again, this uh append it might seem. So, again, this uh append wrote in sheets sets the status to start wrote in sheets sets the status to start wrote in sheets sets the status to start sets the video title sets the video sets the video title sets the video sets the video title sets the video link. So, boom title link. Then we have link. So, boom title link. Then we have link. So, boom title link. Then we have another Google Sheets note and this one another Google Sheets note and this one another Google Sheets note and this one gets rows. So same document but the gets rows. So same document but the gets rows. So same document but the filter is that it gets all the rows filter is that it gets all the rows filter is that it gets all the rows where the status is at start. So it where the status is at start. So it where the status is at start. So it ignores the finished ones and it ignores ignores the finished ones and it ignores ignores the finished ones and it ignores the empty ones only when there's start the empty ones only when there's start the empty ones only when there's start it runs on those basically. Then we have it runs on those basically. Then we have it runs on those basically. Then we have edit fields and these are the fields to edit fields and these are the fields to edit fields and these are the fields to set. So row number we do JSON row number set. So row number we do JSON row number set. So row number we do JSON row number and link JSON video link which is and link JSON video link which is and link JSON video link which is matching from the sheet. So then we have matching from the sheet. So then we have matching from the sheet. So then we have a few familiar fields again we've a few familiar fields again we've a few familiar fields again we've covered these AI agent into update rows covered these AI agent into update rows covered these AI agent into update rows in Google Sheets. But this is where it in Google Sheets. But this is where it in Google Sheets. But this is where it gets interesting. Day zero. So here we gets interesting. Day zero. So here we gets interesting. Day zero. So here we have a YouTube node that gets the video have a YouTube node that gets the video have a YouTube node that gets the video and its views based on the video ID. So and its views based on the video ID. So and its views based on the video ID. So on YouTube every video has ID. Pull up on YouTube every video has ID. Pull up on YouTube every video has ID. Pull up my latest uh so this is the correct my latest uh so this is the correct my latest uh so this is the correct video, right? You can see this. This is video, right? You can see this. This is video, right? You can see this. This is the video ID in the URL. And this note the video ID in the URL. And this note the video ID in the URL. And this note gets the views. Then we have a update gets the views. Then we have a update gets the views. Then we have a update row in sheets. So classic Google sheets row in sheets. So classic Google sheets row in sheets. So classic Google sheets row number and then it sets the views on row number and then it sets the views on row number and then it sets the views on day one. So in this sheet I'm using fake day one. So in this sheet I'm using fake day one. So in this sheet I'm using fake data because I didn't want to run this data because I didn't want to run this data because I didn't want to run this for 30 days um for obvious reasons. But for 30 days um for obvious reasons. But for 30 days um for obvious reasons. But yeah, you can see this updates the views yeah, you can see this updates the views yeah, you can see this updates the views day zero which updates our chart over day zero which updates our chart over day zero which updates our chart over here. So for each video this runs and here. So for each video this runs and here. So for each video this runs and then something interesting happens. Wait then something interesting happens. Wait then something interesting happens. Wait one day. So this is very interesting one day. So this is very interesting one day. So this is very interesting note. Um it literally just waits, you note. Um it literally just waits, you note. Um it literally just waits, you know. So it's kind of like the schedule know. So it's kind of like the schedule know. So it's kind of like the schedule but for a pause. So it pauses the but for a pause. So it pauses the but for a pause. So it pauses the automation for one and then the unit is automation for one and then the unit is automation for one and then the unit is days and then that's day zero and then days and then that's day zero and then days and then that's day zero and then on day one it runs again gets the video on day one it runs again gets the video on day one it runs again gets the video updates the rows on how many views it updates the rows on how many views it updates the rows on how many views it has in day one and pauses for one day. has in day one and pauses for one day. has in day one and pauses for one day. So then we have day two which is So then we have day two which is So then we have day two which is basically the same. We track the views basically the same. We track the views basically the same. We track the views we update the row for day two aka the we update the row for day two aka the we update the row for day two aka the column and then we wait one day for day column and then we wait one day for day column and then we wait one day for day three. On day three we do a longer pause three. On day three we do a longer pause three. On day three we do a longer pause until day seven. Again you can configure until day seven. Again you can configure until day seven. Again you can configure this however you want. If you want to this however you want. If you want to this however you want. If you want to track every single day for 30 days it's track every single day for 30 days it's track every single day for 30 days it's up to you. But I think uh 0 1 2 3 4 7 up to you. But I think uh 0 1 2 3 4 7 up to you. But I think uh 0 1 2 3 4 7 1430. That's really good. So basically 1430. That's really good. So basically 1430. That's really good. So basically this is it. This is um this is the whole this is it. This is um this is the whole this is it. This is um this is the whole thing. And as you can see even though thing. And as you can see even though thing. And as you can see even though there's a lot of nodes it's quite there's a lot of nodes it's quite there's a lot of nodes it's quite simple. I mean most of it is kind of simple. I mean most of it is kind of simple. I mean most of it is kind of duplicated here with just a delay. And duplicated here with just a delay. And duplicated here with just a delay. And this automation runs for 30 days until this automation runs for 30 days until this automation runs for 30 days until it's completed. So it's literally inside it's completed. So it's literally inside it's completed. So it's literally inside of NA10 sitting this execution is going of NA10 sitting this execution is going of NA10 sitting this execution is going to be active for 30 days until it's to be active for 30 days until it's to be active for 30 days until it's fully fully done. and it's going to be fully fully done. and it's going to be fully fully done. and it's going to be tracking all of the views on this tracking all of the views on this tracking all of the views on this channel. So again, for experimentations channel. So again, for experimentations channel. So again, for experimentations using my own channel. So it's going to using my own channel. So it's going to using my own channel. So it's going to be spotting which are outliers like this be spotting which are outliers like this be spotting which are outliers like this NA10 video for example and which videos NA10 video for example and which videos NA10 video for example and which videos are lacking. And then you can go back are lacking. And then you can go back are lacking. And then you can go back and analyze why did the video flop, why and analyze why did the video flop, why and analyze why did the video flop, why did this video do well and to any did this video do well and to any did this video do well and to any content creator, this is beyond content creator, this is beyond content creator, this is beyond valuable. Honestly, like I was being valuable. Honestly, like I was being valuable. Honestly, like I was being very conservative when I say $500. to very conservative when I say $500. to very conservative when I say $500. to bigger creators, something like this bigger creators, something like this bigger creators, something like this could be worth thousands of dollars could be worth thousands of dollars could be worth thousands of dollars because each successful video is going because each successful video is going because each successful video is going to make them thousands of dollars. So, to make them thousands of dollars. So, to make them thousands of dollars. So, if you can, you know, deliver them one if you can, you know, deliver them one if you can, you know, deliver them one successful video every 3 months, right? successful video every 3 months, right? successful video every 3 months, right? Every three months is like the ROI on AI Every three months is like the ROI on AI Every three months is like the ROI on AI agent like this is kind of crazy. And agent like this is kind of crazy. And agent like this is kind of crazy. And again, this is just number three of the again, this is just number three of the again, this is just number three of the six that I'm going to show you in this six that I'm going to show you in this six that I'm going to show you in this video. So, let's go on onto the next video. So, let's go on onto the next video. So, let's go on onto the next one. Now, this one has a lot fewer one. Now, this one has a lot fewer one. Now, this one has a lot fewer nodes, but that doesn't mean it's not nodes, but that doesn't mean it's not nodes, but that doesn't mean it's not useful. It's actually just as useful. useful. It's actually just as useful. useful. It's actually just as useful. And when I say everyone should have And when I say everyone should have And when I say everyone should have this, I mean it. Everyone should have this, I mean it. Everyone should have this, I mean it. Everyone should have this expense tracker agent. So you can this expense tracker agent. So you can this expense tracker agent. So you can pretty much understand how it works just pretty much understand how it works just pretty much understand how it works just by looking at it. But basically the by looking at it. But basically the by looking at it. But basically the trigger is a Gmail note. So you select trigger is a Gmail note. So you select trigger is a Gmail note. So you select which email you want to check. You do which email you want to check. You do which email you want to check. You do pull times every minute or whatever you pull times every minute or whatever you pull times every minute or whatever you want. And then event is message want. And then event is message want. And then event is message received. So when a message comes in received. So when a message comes in received. So when a message comes in into your email inbox, it will trigger into your email inbox, it will trigger into your email inbox, it will trigger and it will run an AI agent which will and it will run an AI agent which will and it will run an AI agent which will determine, hey, is this an expense or is determine, hey, is this an expense or is determine, hey, is this an expense or is this just spam or some friend emailing this just spam or some friend emailing this just spam or some friend emailing you or whatever, right? So the prompt I you or whatever, right? So the prompt I you or whatever, right? So the prompt I again just like last time identical and again just like last time identical and again just like last time identical and the prompt is this analyze email the prompt is this analyze email the prompt is this analyze email personality silent dismiss honestly it's personality silent dismiss honestly it's personality silent dismiss honestly it's pretty overkill. Uh the prompts you just pretty overkill. Uh the prompts you just pretty overkill. Uh the prompts you just say like if this is an expense do that say like if this is an expense do that say like if this is an expense do that if it's not an expense do nothing. This if it's not an expense do nothing. This if it's not an expense do nothing. This prompt could be much shorter, but feel prompt could be much shorter, but feel prompt could be much shorter, but feel free to take it, copy it. Again, all of free to take it, copy it. Again, all of free to take it, copy it. Again, all of the resources are in the new society the resources are in the new society the resources are in the new society templates and presets. So, if you want templates and presets. So, if you want templates and presets. So, if you want any of these agents, like maybe this one any of these agents, like maybe this one any of these agents, like maybe this one you could build very relatively fast. you could build very relatively fast. you could build very relatively fast. The previous one took some time, but uh The previous one took some time, but uh The previous one took some time, but uh if you want them and just literally just if you want them and just literally just if you want them and just literally just one click import from file, all of that one click import from file, all of that one click import from file, all of that is in the new society templates and is in the new society templates and is in the new society templates and presets right here. AI agents by David. presets right here. AI agents by David. presets right here. AI agents by David. You can download any of these and start You can download any of these and start You can download any of these and start having that agent save you time right having that agent save you time right having that agent save you time right away. literally with a few clicks, no away. literally with a few clicks, no away. literally with a few clicks, no matter what your business or your life matter what your business or your life matter what your business or your life is. Some of these agents every single is. Some of these agents every single is. Some of these agents every single person needs expense tracker is one of person needs expense tracker is one of person needs expense tracker is one of them. So again, this AI agents them. So again, this AI agents them. So again, this AI agents determines is this an email with an determines is this an email with an determines is this an email with an invoice, is this a receipt or is this invoice, is this a receipt or is this invoice, is this a receipt or is this just some random ass email? For the just some random ass email? For the just some random ass email? For the model, GPD 4.1 Minute is sufficient. If model, GPD 4.1 Minute is sufficient. If model, GPD 4.1 Minute is sufficient. If you are finding issues that the model is you are finding issues that the model is you are finding issues that the model is underperforming, just select 4.1 and underperforming, just select 4.1 and underperforming, just select 4.1 and you're going to be chilling. And the you're going to be chilling. And the you're going to be chilling. And the only tool it has is append row in only tool it has is append row in only tool it has is append row in sheets. So all it does is just append a sheets. So all it does is just append a sheets. So all it does is just append a single row in Google Sheets. Let me show single row in Google Sheets. Let me show single row in Google Sheets. Let me show you. Could not be simpler. you. Could not be simpler. you. Could not be simpler. Boom. There it is. So you have the date, Boom. There it is. So you have the date, Boom. There it is. So you have the date, self-explanatory, date of the self-explanatory, date of the self-explanatory, date of the transaction, the category. Honestly, the transaction, the category. Honestly, the transaction, the category. Honestly, the category should probably be here. So the category should probably be here. So the category should probably be here. So the transaction name, then the cost transaction name, then the cost transaction name, then the cost category, and then how relevant it is. category, and then how relevant it is. category, and then how relevant it is. This is like AI each ranks this 1 This is like AI each ranks this 1 This is like AI each ranks this 1 through 10. So if it's like a completely through 10. So if it's like a completely through 10. So if it's like a completely waste um you know like Netflix waste um you know like Netflix waste um you know like Netflix subscription might be two. If it's like subscription might be two. If it's like subscription might be two. If it's like groceries might be nine, right? So you groceries might be nine, right? So you groceries might be nine, right? So you understand this and yeah that's the AI understand this and yeah that's the AI understand this and yeah that's the AI agent literally could not be simpler and agent literally could not be simpler and agent literally could not be simpler and it automates most of your accounting it automates most of your accounting it automates most of your accounting needs. Like obviously if you're like a needs. Like obviously if you're like a needs. Like obviously if you're like a financial company, you probably need financial company, you probably need financial company, you probably need in-house accountants. But if you're just in-house accountants. But if you're just in-house accountants. But if you're just a single solarreneur, if you're a small a single solarreneur, if you're a small a single solarreneur, if you're a small business owner, if you're a individual business owner, if you're a individual business owner, if you're a individual and you just want to have a spreadsheet and you just want to have a spreadsheet and you just want to have a spreadsheet with all your transactions categorized with all your transactions categorized with all your transactions categorized into different categories and with the into different categories and with the into different categories and with the relevance that the AI agent decides, relevance that the AI agent decides, relevance that the AI agent decides, it could not be any simpler. It takes 5 it could not be any simpler. It takes 5 it could not be any simpler. It takes 5 to 10 minutes to build this and it's to 10 minutes to build this and it's to 10 minutes to build this and it's going to save you time forever in going to save you time forever in going to save you time forever in perpetuity. Now, let's be honest. The perpetuity. Now, let's be honest. The perpetuity. Now, let's be honest. The reason you're watching this is because reason you're watching this is because reason you're watching this is because you understand the power of automation you understand the power of automation you understand the power of automation and AI agents. But one thing that nobody and AI agents. But one thing that nobody and AI agents. But one thing that nobody is automating is the actions in their is automating is the actions in their is automating is the actions in their productivity app, which is exactly what productivity app, which is exactly what productivity app, which is exactly what we just released inside of vectal by we just released inside of vectal by we just released inside of vectal by adding workflows. There's a lot of adding workflows. There's a lot of adding workflows. There's a lot of manual that happens in your task manual that happens in your task manual that happens in your task management, in your productivity. Now management, in your productivity. Now management, in your productivity. Now you're able to automate it. So inside of you're able to automate it. So inside of you're able to automate it. So inside of Veectal on the right there is this new Veectal on the right there is this new Veectal on the right there is this new button workflows. In here you can either button workflows. In here you can either button workflows. In here you can either use one of the pre-built workflows we use one of the pre-built workflows we use one of the pre-built workflows we have or create a new one. Daily creative have or create a new one. Daily creative have or create a new one. Daily creative idea. The trigger, let's go with idea. The trigger, let's go with idea. The trigger, let's go with schedule. Daily at 8 a.m. And action schedule. Daily at 8 a.m. And action schedule. Daily at 8 a.m. And action create idea. And you can set the prompt create idea. And you can set the prompt create idea. And you can set the prompt to whatever you want. Maybe you run a to whatever you want. Maybe you run a to whatever you want. Maybe you run a marketing agency. Maybe you do sales. marketing agency. Maybe you do sales. marketing agency. Maybe you do sales. Maybe you have a fashion design Maybe you have a fashion design Maybe you have a fashion design business, whatever you want. This business, whatever you want. This business, whatever you want. This workflow will run every single day at 8 workflow will run every single day at 8 workflow will run every single day at 8 a.m. and create an actionable idea that a.m. and create an actionable idea that a.m. and create an actionable idea that would get you closer to your goals. And would get you closer to your goals. And would get you closer to your goals. And since Vectal has your user context such since Vectal has your user context such since Vectal has your user context such as your word description, short-term as your word description, short-term as your word description, short-term goals, long-term goals, this idea will goals, long-term goals, this idea will goals, long-term goals, this idea will be hyper relevant to you. Now, this is be hyper relevant to you. Now, this is be hyper relevant to you. Now, this is just one of many workflows you're able just one of many workflows you're able just one of many workflows you're able to build inside of Veectal. For example, to build inside of Veectal. For example, to build inside of Veectal. For example, this one is super useful and it's one of this one is super useful and it's one of this one is super useful and it's one of the pre-built workflows that we built the pre-built workflows that we built the pre-built workflows that we built for you. So, you don't even have to for you. So, you don't even have to for you. So, you don't even have to build it when you use Vectal. So, what build it when you use Vectal. So, what build it when you use Vectal. So, what it does, it runs every time an email is it does, it runs every time an email is it does, it runs every time an email is received that fits this criteria, spam, received that fits this criteria, spam, received that fits this criteria, spam, promotional email, stuff like that. And promotional email, stuff like that. And promotional email, stuff like that. And then what to do? It marks the email as then what to do? It marks the email as then what to do? It marks the email as red. This single workflow will reduce red. This single workflow will reduce red. This single workflow will reduce the time you spend on your email by 80 the time you spend on your email by 80 the time you spend on your email by 80 to 90%. I have this running on all of my to 90%. I have this running on all of my to 90%. I have this running on all of my main inboxes and it's something that main inboxes and it's something that main inboxes and it's something that everyone should activate. So if you love everyone should activate. So if you love everyone should activate. So if you love NA10, you're going to absolutely love NA10, you're going to absolutely love NA10, you're going to absolutely love Vectal Workflows which allows you to Vectal Workflows which allows you to Vectal Workflows which allows you to automate all the boring inside of automate all the boring inside of automate all the boring inside of your task manure app. So go to vectal.ai your task manure app. So go to vectal.ai your task manure app. So go to vectal.ai and give it a shot. You can use and give it a shot. You can use and give it a shot. You can use workflows even on the free account. So workflows even on the free account. So workflows even on the free account. So there is no excuse. Now let's go back to there is no excuse. Now let's go back to there is no excuse. Now let's go back to any. The fifth agent all of you should any. The fifth agent all of you should any. The fifth agent all of you should have is a personalized outreach email have is a personalized outreach email have is a personalized outreach email agent. So all of us at a certain point agent. So all of us at a certain point agent. So all of us at a certain point in our life need to send an email right in our life need to send an email right in our life need to send an email right to somebody whether it's a company we're to somebody whether it's a company we're to somebody whether it's a company we're applying to work at or you know someone applying to work at or you know someone applying to work at or you know someone we want to have on a podcast but that we want to have on a podcast but that we want to have on a podcast but that email cannot be basic it cannot be spam email cannot be basic it cannot be spam email cannot be basic it cannot be spam it needs to be personalized and this is it needs to be personalized and this is it needs to be personalized and this is exactly what this agent does. So we have exactly what this agent does. So we have exactly what this agent does. So we have a schedule trigger right here which a schedule trigger right here which a schedule trigger right here which checks again rows inside of a sheet. So checks again rows inside of a sheet. So checks again rows inside of a sheet. So here is what the sheet looks like. We here is what the sheet looks like. We here is what the sheet looks like. We have the research status. We have the have the research status. We have the have the research status. We have the email. So this is my email for testing. email. So this is my email for testing. email. So this is my email for testing. uh contact company could be vectal uh contact company could be vectal uh contact company could be vectal doesn't matter contact name and then the doesn't matter contact name and then the doesn't matter contact name and then the research. So this is what this agent research. So this is what this agent research. So this is what this agent does. It does deep research on that does. It does deep research on that does. It does deep research on that person before sending the email. So if person before sending the email. So if person before sending the email. So if you're doing cold emails, this will you're doing cold emails, this will you're doing cold emails, this will change the game completely for you. And change the game completely for you. And change the game completely for you. And um yeah, I'm going to show you how to um yeah, I'm going to show you how to um yeah, I'm going to show you how to build this. So you have the full build this. So you have the full build this. So you have the full personalized email body just by this personalized email body just by this personalized email body just by this little bit of information. All you need little bit of information. All you need little bit of information. All you need is the contact email and the name of the is the contact email and the name of the is the contact email and the name of the person really. So again, this trigger person really. So again, this trigger person really. So again, this trigger runs I think it's one once a day. Yeah, runs I think it's one once a day. Yeah, runs I think it's one once a day. Yeah, it doesn't really matter. And it checks it doesn't really matter. And it checks it doesn't really matter. And it checks all the new leads here. You can set it all the new leads here. You can set it all the new leads here. You can set it to one once an hour. It's up to you. to one once an hour. It's up to you. to one once an hour. It's up to you. Schedule trigger is very easy to Schedule trigger is very easy to Schedule trigger is very easy to configure, you know. Boom. Runs once an configure, you know. Boom. Runs once an configure, you know. Boom. Runs once an hour just like that. Next gets rows in hour just like that. Next gets rows in hour just like that. Next gets rows in sheets. So it gets all the rows with the sheets. So it gets all the rows with the sheets. So it gets all the rows with the start status just like the previous start status just like the previous start status just like the previous agents. And then this is interesting. So agents. And then this is interesting. So agents. And then this is interesting. So you can use either perplexity owner or you can use either perplexity owner or you can use either perplexity owner or there's an alternative way SER API. It's there's an alternative way SER API. It's there's an alternative way SER API. It's up to you whichever you prefer. Um some up to you whichever you prefer. Um some up to you whichever you prefer. Um some people are familiar with SER some people people are familiar with SER some people people are familiar with SER some people prefer perplexity. So whatever you prefer perplexity. So whatever you prefer perplexity. So whatever you whichever you want to use you can use it whichever you want to use you can use it whichever you want to use you can use it just you know detach the other one and just you know detach the other one and just you know detach the other one and attach this as the chart model entirely attach this as the chart model entirely attach this as the chart model entirely up to you. Then this agent performs web up to you. Then this agent performs web up to you. Then this agent performs web research. So again either it uses research. So again either it uses research. So again either it uses proplexity or SER but it researches on proplexity or SER but it researches on proplexity or SER but it researches on this person and the prompt is the main this person and the prompt is the main this person and the prompt is the main thing right? thing right? thing right? You are a research assistant. Your task You are a research assistant. Your task You are a research assistant. Your task is to perform photo web research on a is to perform photo web research on a is to perform photo web research on a specified person and or company. So specified person and or company. So specified person and or company. So there's some more info but that's there's some more info but that's there's some more info but that's basically it. It does deep research on basically it. It does deep research on basically it. It does deep research on this person and the company to this person and the company to this person and the company to understand who it does what it's about understand who it does what it's about understand who it does what it's about enough info to personalize the email and enough info to personalize the email and enough info to personalize the email and then it goes into second AI agent. So then it goes into second AI agent. So then it goes into second AI agent. So this one writes the email, right? So it this one writes the email, right? So it this one writes the email, right? So it it gets all the info from the previous it gets all the info from the previous it gets all the info from the previous agent and the research results. So agent and the research results. So agent and the research results. So actually this is from the sheet and this actually this is from the sheet and this actually this is from the sheet and this is the research results for the previous is the research results for the previous is the research results for the previous agent and it's instructed to write a agent and it's instructed to write a agent and it's instructed to write a personalized collab email as me you know personalized collab email as me you know personalized collab email as me you know David you can obviously customize this David you can obviously customize this David you can obviously customize this prompt however you want again all of the prompt however you want again all of the prompt however you want again all of the AI agents from this video are available AI agents from this video are available AI agents from this video are available in the new society inside of the in the new society inside of the in the new society inside of the templates and preset section. So if you templates and preset section. So if you templates and preset section. So if you want to just take the prompts or if you want to just take the prompts or if you want to just take the prompts or if you want to import the whole agent you you want to import the whole agent you you want to import the whole agent you you know where to find them. So yeah first know where to find them. So yeah first know where to find them. So yeah first agent does the web search agent writes agent does the web search agent writes agent does the web search agent writes the email and then we update the rows in the email and then we update the rows in the email and then we update the rows in a sheet. So actually this is the a sheet. So actually this is the a sheet. So actually this is the practical way of doing it. A lot of practical way of doing it. A lot of practical way of doing it. A lot of people would have it send the email people would have it send the email people would have it send the email right away. But this AI agents are not right away. But this AI agents are not right away. But this AI agents are not there yet. Maybe in a year, maybe in two there yet. Maybe in a year, maybe in two there yet. Maybe in a year, maybe in two years where they're like super reliable, years where they're like super reliable, years where they're like super reliable, but LLMs hallucinate. LLMs make up but LLMs hallucinate. LLMs make up but LLMs hallucinate. LLMs make up So the way to do it is to have one step So the way to do it is to have one step So the way to do it is to have one step human approval, right? So if you add human approval, right? So if you add human approval, right? So if you add like let's say again you can have a like let's say again you can have a like let's say again you can have a separate agent that does the lead separate agent that does the lead separate agent that does the lead generation that scrapes the web for generation that scrapes the web for generation that scrapes the web for emails and adds the contact names and emails and adds the contact names and emails and adds the contact names and then you you launch it once a day you then you you launch it once a day you then you you launch it once a day you know the next 10 people are researched know the next 10 people are researched know the next 10 people are researched and then the email is written for them and then the email is written for them and then the email is written for them and then you go as a human or you hire a and then you go as a human or you hire a and then you go as a human or you hire a VA or whatever just double checking that VA or whatever just double checking that VA or whatever just double checking that the email is looking good right maybe if the email is looking good right maybe if the email is looking good right maybe if if it's like if you're doing crazy if it's like if you're doing crazy if it's like if you're doing crazy volume and you you don't care you can volume and you you don't care you can volume and you you don't care you can remove this step but I think for most remove this step but I think for most remove this step but I think for most most production and most real businesses most production and most real businesses most production and most real businesses you will need to confirm the email that you will need to confirm the email that you will need to confirm the email that the AI wrote and maybe instead of doing the AI wrote and maybe instead of doing the AI wrote and maybe instead of doing that you can actually have a you can that you can actually have a you can that you can actually have a you can actually have a separate step Gmail and actually have a separate step Gmail and actually have a separate step Gmail and it can be a draft right create a draft it can be a draft right create a draft it can be a draft right create a draft so that's another way to do it it's just so that's another way to do it it's just so that's another way to do it it's just probably easier to see many of them in a probably easier to see many of them in a probably easier to see many of them in a sheet so if you're doing lots of volumes sheet so if you're doing lots of volumes sheet so if you're doing lots of volumes saving that in a sheet is easier if saving that in a sheet is easier if saving that in a sheet is easier if you're doing less volume writing a draft you're doing less volume writing a draft you're doing less volume writing a draft and then just sending it through an and then just sending it through an and then just sending it through an email you know going to your drafts and email you know going to your drafts and email you know going to your drafts and you'll see the pre-written drafts here you'll see the pre-written drafts here you'll see the pre-written drafts here and just clicking send probably is and just clicking send probably is and just clicking send probably is easier. Then the send out of the email easier. Then the send out of the email easier. Then the send out of the email is once you approve it, right? So once is once you approve it, right? So once is once you approve it, right? So once you confirm the status to confirmed, the you confirm the status to confirmed, the you confirm the status to confirmed, the second part of the automation runs again second part of the automation runs again second part of the automation runs again I think once a day or once five minutes I think once a day or once five minutes I think once a day or once five minutes doesn't matter and uh sends out all the doesn't matter and uh sends out all the doesn't matter and uh sends out all the emails that you confirmed. So it gets emails that you confirmed. So it gets emails that you confirmed. So it gets the rows by confirmed and it sends the the rows by confirmed and it sends the the rows by confirmed and it sends the message and it up updates it to send. message and it up updates it to send. message and it up updates it to send. So, this agent, it has a few more nodes So, this agent, it has a few more nodes So, this agent, it has a few more nodes than the previous one, but it's also than the previous one, but it's also than the previous one, but it's also very simple and it's beyond useful, very simple and it's beyond useful, very simple and it's beyond useful, especially for businesses that are doing especially for businesses that are doing especially for businesses that are doing cold outreach and that are sending out cold outreach and that are sending out cold outreach and that are sending out lots of emails. This makes sure that the lots of emails. This makes sure that the lots of emails. This makes sure that the email is personalized and that it email is personalized and that it email is personalized and that it doesn't get you get higher delivery doesn't get you get higher delivery doesn't get you get higher delivery rates, higher open rates, and ultimately rates, higher open rates, and ultimately rates, higher open rates, and ultimately more business. That's the goal of this. more business. That's the goal of this. more business. That's the goal of this. And you save yourself time and your And you save yourself time and your And you save yourself time and your team's time. This agent can be obviously team's time. This agent can be obviously team's time. This agent can be obviously used in hundreds of different ways, but used in hundreds of different ways, but used in hundreds of different ways, but if you're doing anything with cold email if you're doing anything with cold email if you're doing anything with cold email outreach, you need an AI agent like this outreach, you need an AI agent like this outreach, you need an AI agent like this one. Now, as I promised, I'm going to one. Now, as I promised, I'm going to one. Now, as I promised, I'm going to also talk about how to turn this into a also talk about how to turn this into a also talk about how to turn this into a side hustle because you can make a lot side hustle because you can make a lot side hustle because you can make a lot of money relatively fast with AI agents. of money relatively fast with AI agents. of money relatively fast with AI agents. I mean, these are some offers that I mean, these are some offers that I mean, these are some offers that people are offering and I would say people are offering and I would say people are offering and I would say these are not even experts. These are these are not even experts. These are these are not even experts. These are like medium level AI agent builders, like medium level AI agent builders, like medium level AI agent builders, right? And you can see the start package right? And you can see the start package right? And you can see the start package 750 and advanced package is 5K and 750 and advanced package is 5K and 750 and advanced package is 5K and businesses are paying way more than that businesses are paying way more than that businesses are paying way more than that for good AI agents and automations. But for good AI agents and automations. But for good AI agents and automations. But the mistake a lot of people make is that the mistake a lot of people make is that the mistake a lot of people make is that they don't stand out. You know they like they don't stand out. You know they like they don't stand out. You know they like AI automation agency. No no no business AI automation agency. No no no business AI automation agency. No no no business wants to hear that. If someone reaches wants to hear that. If someone reaches wants to hear that. If someone reaches out to me and say like I run an AI out to me and say like I run an AI out to me and say like I run an AI automation agency they instantly get automation agency they instantly get automation agency they instantly get flagged by my vectoral workflow as spam, flagged by my vectoral workflow as spam, flagged by my vectoral workflow as spam, right? Because this is a this is not an right? Because this is a this is not an right? Because this is a this is not an original offer. Nobody wants to work original offer. Nobody wants to work original offer. Nobody wants to work with an AI automation agency. People with an AI automation agency. People with an AI automation agency. People want to be solving, they want you to want to be solving, they want you to want to be solving, they want you to solve a specific problem for them. You solve a specific problem for them. You solve a specific problem for them. You need to be specialized. A good way to need to be specialized. A good way to need to be specialized. A good way to stand out is to have an irresistible stand out is to have an irresistible stand out is to have an irresistible offer. And the example like how you can offer. And the example like how you can offer. And the example like how you can do that is add a free AI consultation do that is add a free AI consultation do that is add a free AI consultation for an expert. You need to position for an expert. You need to position for an expert. You need to position yourself as expert, right? So this is yourself as expert, right? So this is yourself as expert, right? So this is much harder to say no to than oh I'm AI much harder to say no to than oh I'm AI much harder to say no to than oh I'm AI agency. You know this is I charge this agency. You know this is I charge this agency. You know this is I charge this much. If you just offer a free much. If you just offer a free much. If you just offer a free consultation with no expectations and consultation with no expectations and consultation with no expectations and you actually do a lot of preparation you actually do a lot of preparation you actually do a lot of preparation beforehand, maybe you use one of your beforehand, maybe you use one of your beforehand, maybe you use one of your agents to help you with the preparation agents to help you with the preparation agents to help you with the preparation and the deep research, the company will and the deep research, the company will and the deep research, the company will be way more impressed. If you put 5 be way more impressed. If you put 5 be way more impressed. If you put 5 hours of effort into a free hours of effort into a free hours of effort into a free consultation, be like, "Oh, wow. This consultation, be like, "Oh, wow. This consultation, be like, "Oh, wow. This guy, this guy did a lot for this, you guy, this guy did a lot for this, you guy, this guy did a lot for this, you know, free call. Like, imagine if I hire know, free call. Like, imagine if I hire know, free call. Like, imagine if I hire him, he'll probably overd deliver." him, he'll probably overd deliver." him, he'll probably overd deliver." That's the type of feeling you need to That's the type of feeling you need to That's the type of feeling you need to leave in your clients. Then to profit leave in your clients. Then to profit leave in your clients. Then to profit maximize, you want to add some expensive maximize, you want to add some expensive maximize, you want to add some expensive but great add-ons, right? And this is but great add-ons, right? And this is but great add-ons, right? And this is where the real money is because business where the real money is because business where the real money is because business owners value time. They value speed. owners value time. They value speed. owners value time. They value speed. They value efficiency, personalization. They value efficiency, personalization. They value efficiency, personalization. So this is example of someone on Upwork So this is example of someone on Upwork So this is example of someone on Upwork to doing this today and there's no to doing this today and there's no to doing this today and there's no reason it could be you. These people are reason it could be you. These people are reason it could be you. These people are not experts in machine learning or not experts in machine learning or not experts in machine learning or experts in math or programming. You experts in math or programming. You experts in math or programming. You literally have to click and drag in a literally have to click and drag in a literally have to click and drag in a tool like NA10 to do this. So this tool like NA10 to do this. So this tool like NA10 to do this. So this person which we found is doing the fast person which we found is doing the fast person which we found is doing the fast delivery for another 5 to 500 to 100k. delivery for another 5 to 500 to 100k. delivery for another 5 to 500 to 100k. So if you have a bit of work ethic and So if you have a bit of work ethic and So if you have a bit of work ethic and you can deliver fast, you can charge you can deliver fast, you can charge you can deliver fast, you can charge another 1k done for you code. You know another 1k done for you code. You know another 1k done for you code. You know if people want any u automation but in if people want any u automation but in if people want any u automation but in code boom another 1500 and how can you code boom another 1500 and how can you code boom another 1500 and how can you do that? Tools like cloth code tools do that? Tools like cloth code tools do that? Tools like cloth code tools like codex tools like cursor I've made like codex tools like cursor I've made like codex tools like cursor I've made countless videos on these. So if you're countless videos on these. So if you're countless videos on these. So if you're subscribed to this channel you will subscribed to this channel you will subscribed to this channel you will know. Code guidance is literally could know. Code guidance is literally could know. Code guidance is literally could just be a call explaining the code to just be a call explaining the code to just be a call explaining the code to them and how to integrate it. Another them and how to integrate it. Another them and how to integrate it. Another 500. Do you see the upsells are crazy? 500. Do you see the upsells are crazy? 500. Do you see the upsells are crazy? That's because this guy knows that a That's because this guy knows that a That's because this guy knows that a businessman will happily spend money to businessman will happily spend money to businessman will happily spend money to save time for the fast delivery or save time for the fast delivery or save time for the fast delivery or happily spend time to, you know, get his happily spend time to, you know, get his happily spend time to, you know, get his business up to speed with the code business up to speed with the code business up to speed with the code guidance. So really being creative with guidance. So really being creative with guidance. So really being creative with the bonuses, with the guarantees, with the bonuses, with the guarantees, with the bonuses, with the guarantees, with the conditions this is where you can the conditions this is where you can the conditions this is where you can make your offer stand out from everybody make your offer stand out from everybody make your offer stand out from everybody else. I mean this is what Hermosi talks else. I mean this is what Hermosi talks else. I mean this is what Hermosi talks about. So if you follow, if you follow about. So if you follow, if you follow about. So if you follow, if you follow Alexi, if you read the book 100 million Alexi, if you read the book 100 million Alexi, if you read the book 100 million offers, you will know all of this. But offers, you will know all of this. But offers, you will know all of this. But applying this for AI agents is where the applying this for AI agents is where the applying this for AI agents is where the untapped opportunity is because this untapped opportunity is because this untapped opportunity is because this field is very new and most people have field is very new and most people have field is very new and most people have such a boring commoditized offer. It's such a boring commoditized offer. It's such a boring commoditized offer. It's crazy. So what do you need to take away? crazy. So what do you need to take away? crazy. So what do you need to take away? It's not about creating the most It's not about creating the most It's not about creating the most complicated agent. Far from it, guys. complicated agent. Far from it, guys. complicated agent. Far from it, guys. All you need is a reliable agent that All you need is a reliable agent that All you need is a reliable agent that specifically targets the business and specifically targets the business and specifically targets the business and helps to solve a specific problem for helps to solve a specific problem for helps to solve a specific problem for that business. Like you don't even need that business. Like you don't even need that business. Like you don't even need to show them the notes. It could to show them the notes. It could to show them the notes. It could literally be four nodes, five nodes. It literally be four nodes, five nodes. It literally be four nodes, five nodes. It could take you an hour to build. Doesn't could take you an hour to build. Doesn't could take you an hour to build. Doesn't matter. It's more about creating a great matter. It's more about creating a great matter. It's more about creating a great offer specific to your target avatar. So offer specific to your target avatar. So offer specific to your target avatar. So if you're targeting dentists, if you're if you're targeting dentists, if you're if you're targeting dentists, if you're targeting real estate agents, whoever it targeting real estate agents, whoever it targeting real estate agents, whoever it is you're specializing on, it is all is you're specializing on, it is all is you're specializing on, it is all about the offer. The offer needs to be about the offer. The offer needs to be about the offer. The offer needs to be compelling. It needs to reverse risk. It compelling. It needs to reverse risk. It compelling. It needs to reverse risk. It needs to deliver the promise fast. You needs to deliver the promise fast. You needs to deliver the promise fast. You need to understand Zatar, what problems need to understand Zatar, what problems need to understand Zatar, what problems they're facing, what is their dream they're facing, what is their dream they're facing, what is their dream outcome. If you don't, you will always outcome. If you don't, you will always outcome. If you don't, you will always struggle. If you don't, if you do struggle. If you don't, if you do struggle. If you don't, if you do understand it, you will have more understand it, you will have more understand it, you will have more clients than you can handle. So this is clients than you can handle. So this is clients than you can handle. So this is how you can turn any on missions into how you can turn any on missions into how you can turn any on missions into business. Now let me show you the sixth business. Now let me show you the sixth business. Now let me show you the sixth agent that everyone needs and this one I agent that everyone needs and this one I agent that everyone needs and this one I really believe everyone needs. So this really believe everyone needs. So this really believe everyone needs. So this agent unlike the other ones which are agent unlike the other ones which are agent unlike the other ones which are more business targeted is for your more business targeted is for your more business targeted is for your personal life to never ever miss a personal life to never ever miss a personal life to never ever miss a person's birthday. Right? So you have a person's birthday. Right? So you have a person's birthday. Right? So you have a Google sheet once again. Let me show Google sheet once again. Let me show Google sheet once again. Let me show you. Boom. Where you write down the you. Boom. Where you write down the you. Boom. Where you write down the birthdays of your friends. Right? So birthdays of your friends. Right? So birthdays of your friends. Right? So birthday name interest and actually you birthday name interest and actually you birthday name interest and actually you only need to add the let me make it only need to add the let me make it only need to add the let me make it clear. You only need to add these three clear. You only need to add these three clear. You only need to add these three fields, birthday, name, and interest. fields, birthday, name, and interest. fields, birthday, name, and interest. The agent takes care of the rest of the The agent takes care of the rest of the The agent takes care of the rest of the gift ideas and of reminding you. So, if gift ideas and of reminding you. So, if gift ideas and of reminding you. So, if you have a calendar or some place where you have a calendar or some place where you have a calendar or some place where you store all your closest friends you store all your closest friends you store all your closest friends birthdays, you just once add them here birthdays, you just once add them here birthdays, you just once add them here and then we have a schedule trigger. and then we have a schedule trigger. and then we have a schedule trigger. Honestly, we could probably have it run Honestly, we could probably have it run Honestly, we could probably have it run uh less frequently uh less frequently uh less frequently because uh maybe like once a week. because uh maybe like once a week. because uh maybe like once a week. You'll see the way this AI agent works. You'll see the way this AI agent works. You'll see the way this AI agent works. Basically what this agent does is that Basically what this agent does is that Basically what this agent does is that not only does it remind you of the not only does it remind you of the not only does it remind you of the birthday when it's coming like up to birthday when it's coming like up to birthday when it's coming like up to seven days before so you have enough seven days before so you have enough seven days before so you have enough time to buy the gift but also time to buy the gift but also time to buy the gift but also brainstorms some gift ideas right so it brainstorms some gift ideas right so it brainstorms some gift ideas right so it reads get rows in sheet classic Google reads get rows in sheet classic Google reads get rows in sheet classic Google sheet where you have the status as sheet where you have the status as sheet where you have the status as nothing so this is important you have to nothing so this is important you have to nothing so this is important you have to actually set it like so status value actually set it like so status value actually set it like so status value empty otherwise it it doesn't work then empty otherwise it it doesn't work then empty otherwise it it doesn't work then you have the AI agent which brainstorms you have the AI agent which brainstorms you have the AI agent which brainstorms the based on the interest It brainstorms the based on the interest It brainstorms the based on the interest It brainstorms ideas right based on the name. If it's a ideas right based on the name. If it's a ideas right based on the name. If it's a man or a woman, maybe the gift ideas are man or a woman, maybe the gift ideas are man or a woman, maybe the gift ideas are different. And if the birthday is within different. And if the birthday is within different. And if the birthday is within 7 days, it will generate the idea using 7 days, it will generate the idea using 7 days, it will generate the idea using a model. So you can use a reasoning a model. So you can use a reasoning a model. So you can use a reasoning model. If you prefer cloth as ideas, you model. If you prefer cloth as ideas, you model. If you prefer cloth as ideas, you know, disconnect openai and connect know, disconnect openai and connect know, disconnect openai and connect anthropic pretty simple change. You just anthropic pretty simple change. You just anthropic pretty simple change. You just need to add your uh enthropic API key. need to add your uh enthropic API key. need to add your uh enthropic API key. That's the only change. And then we have That's the only change. And then we have That's the only change. And then we have a tool structured output parser to a tool structured output parser to a tool structured output parser to format the output of the agent. Then we format the output of the agent. Then we format the output of the agent. Then we have if else note. So you know a lot of have if else note. So you know a lot of have if else note. So you know a lot of people use AI agents for simple people use AI agents for simple people use AI agents for simple conditional logic which is very bad. You conditional logic which is very bad. You conditional logic which is very bad. You should absolutely use code where should absolutely use code where should absolutely use code where possible. And if else statement is a possible. And if else statement is a possible. And if else statement is a beautiful example of that. So don't be beautiful example of that. So don't be beautiful example of that. So don't be one of these people who spend $1,200 a one of these people who spend $1,200 a one of these people who spend $1,200 a month on LLM doing simple Right? month on LLM doing simple Right? month on LLM doing simple Right? So this was a Reddit post like wow we've So this was a Reddit post like wow we've So this was a Reddit post like wow we've been burning money for 6 months. We're been burning money for 6 months. We're been burning money for 6 months. We're spending $1,200 a month. And what was spending $1,200 a month. And what was spending $1,200 a month. And what was what was they doing? You think, okay, what was they doing? You think, okay, what was they doing? You think, okay, some crazy AI agent like writing some crazy AI agent like writing some crazy AI agent like writing personalized emails, like really doing personalized emails, like really doing personalized emails, like really doing lots of reasoning. No, this person was lots of reasoning. No, this person was lots of reasoning. No, this person was extracting phone numbers from text, extracting phone numbers from text, extracting phone numbers from text, which you can do with regular which you can do with regular which you can do with regular expression. He was checking profanity, expression. He was checking profanity, expression. He was checking profanity, which you can do matching words against which you can do matching words against which you can do matching words against the blacklist. He was reformatting JSON. the blacklist. He was reformatting JSON. the blacklist. He was reformatting JSON. There is countless of JSON parsers that There is countless of JSON parsers that There is countless of JSON parsers that exist. And he was, this one is the exist. And he was, this one is the exist. And he was, this one is the funniest. He was using the LLM to funniest. He was using the LLM to funniest. He was using the LLM to uppercase words which literally you can uppercase words which literally you can uppercase words which literally you can do with that upper a single method. So do with that upper a single method. So do with that upper a single method. So there's a lot of people who are quite there's a lot of people who are quite there's a lot of people who are quite stupid who are using LLMs for things stupid who are using LLMs for things stupid who are using LLMs for things that you should be using code for. And that you should be using code for. And that you should be using code for. And this person was spending 1,200 a month this person was spending 1,200 a month this person was spending 1,200 a month and and he was posting this like wow and and he was posting this like wow and and he was posting this like wow look at this optimization after look at this optimization after look at this optimization after switching to GPD photo mini we the bills switching to GPD photo mini we the bills switching to GPD photo mini we the bills dropped to $200 a month. No, you're dropped to $200 a month. No, you're dropped to $200 a month. No, you're still a dumbass. You're spending $200 a still a dumbass. You're spending $200 a still a dumbass. You're spending $200 a month on something that should be a month on something that should be a month on something that should be a simple code that costs nearly zero to simple code that costs nearly zero to simple code that costs nearly zero to run. You can do this all with Python or run. You can do this all with Python or run. You can do this all with Python or JavaScript for nearly zero. It can run JavaScript for nearly zero. It can run JavaScript for nearly zero. It can run super fast, more reliable, by the way, super fast, more reliable, by the way, super fast, more reliable, by the way, than LLM because LM hallucinate and than LLM because LM hallucinate and than LLM because LM hallucinate and infinitely faster because a response infinitely faster because a response infinitely faster because a response from LM can take 1, two, 3 seconds. from LM can take 1, two, 3 seconds. from LM can take 1, two, 3 seconds. Python can run in a few milliseconds. Python can run in a few milliseconds. Python can run in a few milliseconds. Same with JavaScript. So don't be one of Same with JavaScript. So don't be one of Same with JavaScript. So don't be one of these people who avoid code at all cost these people who avoid code at all cost these people who avoid code at all cost and then look like absolute retards when and then look like absolute retards when and then look like absolute retards when they use LLMs for this. and spend they use LLMs for this. and spend they use LLMs for this. and spend hundreds of dollars a month on stuff hundreds of dollars a month on stuff hundreds of dollars a month on stuff that has been solved for decades with a that has been solved for decades with a that has been solved for decades with a few lines of code. So this is what I few lines of code. So this is what I few lines of code. So this is what I mean. We can use an if statement here. A mean. We can use an if statement here. A mean. We can use an if statement here. A lot of people would use a AI lot of people would use a AI lot of people would use a AI agent here. It's like, okay, if it's agent here. It's like, okay, if it's agent here. It's like, okay, if it's true, redirect to Telegram. If it's true, redirect to Telegram. If it's true, redirect to Telegram. If it's false, like guys, come on. No matter if false, like guys, come on. No matter if false, like guys, come on. No matter if you're not a beginner programmer, it's you're not a beginner programmer, it's you're not a beginner programmer, it's all about constructing logic. It's not all about constructing logic. It's not all about constructing logic. It's not about being a senior developer. An AI about being a senior developer. An AI about being a senior developer. An AI agent is really good at like recognizing agent is really good at like recognizing agent is really good at like recognizing if email is spam or not, right? based on if email is spam or not, right? based on if email is spam or not, right? based on the context of the email, who sent it, the context of the email, who sent it, the context of the email, who sent it, how it was phrased. There's a lot of how it was phrased. There's a lot of how it was phrased. There's a lot of different like variables and nuances different like variables and nuances different like variables and nuances that goes into that. You cannot just use that goes into that. You cannot just use that goes into that. You cannot just use a black list of words, right? Because a black list of words, right? Because a black list of words, right? Because that would be unreliable and it would do that would be unreliable and it would do that would be unreliable and it would do false flags. So, use AI where it makes false flags. So, use AI where it makes false flags. So, use AI where it makes sense. But if you can solve something sense. But if you can solve something sense. But if you can solve something with a few lines of code, use code for with a few lines of code, use code for with a few lines of code, use code for that, right? And the beauty of NA10 is that, right? And the beauty of NA10 is that, right? And the beauty of NA10 is that a lot of the code is actually a that a lot of the code is actually a that a lot of the code is actually a place replaced with these nodes. So, you place replaced with these nodes. So, you place replaced with these nodes. So, you have these like data transformation have these like data transformation have these like data transformation nodes where a lot of them like edit nodes where a lot of them like edit nodes where a lot of them like edit fields, right? set modify, add or remove fields, right? set modify, add or remove fields, right? set modify, add or remove fields, filter, remove fields, matching fields, filter, remove fields, matching fields, filter, remove fields, matching conditions, limit the these are all like conditions, limit the these are all like conditions, limit the these are all like logic that otherwise you would have to logic that otherwise you would have to logic that otherwise you would have to write code. But thanks to NA10, you write code. But thanks to NA10, you write code. But thanks to NA10, you don't have to do that. You have these don't have to do that. You have these don't have to do that. You have these pre-built, pre-created nodes that you pre-built, pre-created nodes that you pre-built, pre-created nodes that you can just click and drag and drop. And can just click and drag and drop. And can just click and drag and drop. And again, all you need to do is kind of again, all you need to do is kind of again, all you need to do is kind of think through the logic in your brain. think through the logic in your brain. think through the logic in your brain. And once you know how your AI agent or And once you know how your AI agent or And once you know how your AI agent or AI automation should work, you can build AI automation should work, you can build AI automation should work, you can build it just with these notes. Instead of it just with these notes. Instead of it just with these notes. Instead of putting AI agent everywhere where it putting AI agent everywhere where it putting AI agent everywhere where it doesn't make sense. So again, if it's doesn't make sense. So again, if it's doesn't make sense. So again, if it's true that the birthday is coming up, we true that the birthday is coming up, we true that the birthday is coming up, we send a text message on Telegram send a text message on Telegram send a text message on Telegram reminding you that, hey, your friend's reminding you that, hey, your friend's reminding you that, hey, your friend's birthday is coming up. I mean, look, to birthday is coming up. I mean, look, to birthday is coming up. I mean, look, to be honest, this is mostly for men, be honest, this is mostly for men, be honest, this is mostly for men, right? Let's be honest. Women, they all right? Let's be honest. Women, they all right? Let's be honest. Women, they all always somehow remember their friend's always somehow remember their friend's always somehow remember their friend's birthday up to like two months before birthday up to like two months before birthday up to like two months before they're preparing for it. It's crazy how they're preparing for it. It's crazy how they're preparing for it. It's crazy how much effort they put into this So, much effort they put into this So, much effort they put into this So, this is mostly for us guys. um so that this is mostly for us guys. um so that this is mostly for us guys. um so that we don't forget about one of our best we don't forget about one of our best we don't forget about one of our best friends birthdays and the AI agent also friends birthdays and the AI agent also friends birthdays and the AI agent also brainstorms the gift idea. If you want brainstorms the gift idea. If you want brainstorms the gift idea. If you want more ideas, just change the prompt to more ideas, just change the prompt to more ideas, just change the prompt to brainstorm five different ideas. One of brainstorm five different ideas. One of brainstorm five different ideas. One of them is most likely going to be them is most likely going to be them is most likely going to be relevant. And yeah, this AI agent, relevant. And yeah, this AI agent, relevant. And yeah, this AI agent, unlike the other ones, is for your unlike the other ones, is for your unlike the other ones, is for your personal life, but it will allow you to personal life, but it will allow you to personal life, but it will allow you to be one of the favorite guys in the group be one of the favorite guys in the group be one of the favorite guys in the group because you never miss a birthday and because you never miss a birthday and because you never miss a birthday and you always have a per ready when one of you always have a per ready when one of you always have a per ready when one of your boys birthday comes. So yeah, this your boys birthday comes. So yeah, this your boys birthday comes. So yeah, this AI agent is also something that everyone AI agent is also something that everyone AI agent is also something that everyone should have just in case. Even if you're should have just in case. Even if you're should have just in case. Even if you're great with birthdays, it never hurts to great with birthdays, it never hurts to great with birthdays, it never hurts to be reminded. So yeah, these were six AI be reminded. So yeah, these were six AI be reminded. So yeah, these were six AI agents that everyone should have. And agents that everyone should have. And agents that everyone should have. And again, the beauty of NA10 is that once again, the beauty of NA10 is that once again, the beauty of NA10 is that once you build your first agent, you you you build your first agent, you you you build your first agent, you you defeat most of the friction. It's it can defeat most of the friction. It's it can defeat most of the friction. It's it can be intimidating at the start, but if you be intimidating at the start, but if you be intimidating at the start, but if you really get started, if you really push really get started, if you really push really get started, if you really push through to the first one or two agents, through to the first one or two agents, through to the first one or two agents, the rest is really easy because you you the rest is really easy because you you the rest is really easy because you you do the same right? Schedule do the same right? Schedule do the same right? Schedule trigger. We've learned that Google trigger. We've learned that Google trigger. We've learned that Google Sheet, we've learned that AI agent, we Sheet, we've learned that AI agent, we Sheet, we've learned that AI agent, we know that. So like most of the notes know that. So like most of the notes know that. So like most of the notes you're already familiar with. So really, you're already familiar with. So really, you're already familiar with. So really, I would encourage you to sit down, block I would encourage you to sit down, block I would encourage you to sit down, block out 60 to 90 minutes in your calendar out 60 to 90 minutes in your calendar out 60 to 90 minutes in your calendar and build your first NAT agent. This is and build your first NAT agent. This is and build your first NAT agent. This is a beyond valuable skill to have in the a beyond valuable skill to have in the a beyond valuable skill to have in the next few years. It will future proof next few years. It will future proof next few years. It will future proof yourself against being replaced because yourself against being replaced because yourself against being replaced because if you can in your company be the guy if you can in your company be the guy if you can in your company be the guy who finds a way to automate the process, who finds a way to automate the process, who finds a way to automate the process, trust me, no boss is going to ever fire trust me, no boss is going to ever fire trust me, no boss is going to ever fire you. So yeah, this has been six AI you. So yeah, this has been six AI you. So yeah, this has been six AI agents that everybody needs. And again, agents that everybody needs. And again, agents that everybody needs. And again, once you build agents, you need to host once you build agents, you need to host once you build agents, you need to host them somewhere. And the best option is them somewhere. And the best option is them somewhere. And the best option is by far Hostinger is the simplest way. by far Hostinger is the simplest way. by far Hostinger is the simplest way. It's like literally one click. You don't It's like literally one click. You don't It's like literally one click. You don't have to know anything about VPS have to know anything about VPS have to know anything about VPS management. None of that. They make it management. None of that. They make it management. None of that. They make it so easy to run self-hosted NA10 on a so easy to run self-hosted NA10 on a so easy to run self-hosted NA10 on a VPS. And it's also one of the most VPS. And it's also one of the most VPS. And it's also one of the most affordable options out there. So once affordable options out there. So once affordable options out there. So once again, thank you Hostinger for again, thank you Hostinger for again, thank you Hostinger for sponsoring the video. Make sure to use sponsoring the video. Make sure to use sponsoring the video. Make sure to use code David for another 10% off when code David for another 10% off when code David for another 10% off when going with the annual or Twitter plan. going with the annual or Twitter plan. going with the annual or Twitter plan. And with that being said, thank you guys And with that being said, thank you guys And with that being said, thank you guys for watching and have a wonderful, for watching and have a wonderful, for watching and have a wonderful, productive week.
