Title: AWS just released its Cursor killer…
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday, out of nowhere, Amazon Yesterday, out of nowhere, Amazon Yesterday, out of nowhere, Amazon released its own AI IDE named Kira. Yet released its own AI IDE named Kira. Yet released its own AI IDE named Kira. Yet another VS Code fork that will compete another VS Code fork that will compete another VS Code fork that will compete for the hearts and minds of programmers for the hearts and minds of programmers for the hearts and minds of programmers alongside editors like Cursor, Windsor, alongside editors like Cursor, Windsor, alongside editors like Cursor, Windsor, Firebase Studio, and Copilot, just to Firebase Studio, and Copilot, just to Firebase Studio, and Copilot, just to name a few. It's powered by Claude name a few. It's powered by Claude name a few. It's powered by Claude Sonnet 4.0, but claims to be better at Sonnet 4.0, but claims to be better at Sonnet 4.0, but claims to be better at handling complexity than these other handling complexity than these other handling complexity than these other sloppy tools thanks to an approach sloppy tools thanks to an approach sloppy tools thanks to an approach called specdriven development. And right called specdriven development. And right called specdriven development. And right now, it's free to use. But that's not now, it's free to use. But that's not now, it's free to use. But that's not the only good news for developers. The the only good news for developers. The the only good news for developers. The Chinese just dropped Kimmy K2, an openw Chinese just dropped Kimmy K2, an openw Chinese just dropped Kimmy K2, an openw weight agentic coding model that weight agentic coding model that weight agentic coding model that approaches the performance of Claude. approaches the performance of Claude. approaches the performance of Claude. These tools are so powerful they might These tools are so powerful they might These tools are so powerful they might even be able to fix pirate software's even be able to fix pirate software's even be able to fix pirate software's code is so the entire internet can code is so the entire internet can code is so the entire internet can finally stop dunking on this guy. In finally stop dunking on this guy. In finally stop dunking on this guy. In today's video, we'll try out Amazon Curo today's video, we'll try out Amazon Curo today's video, we'll try out Amazon Curo to find out if it truly is the cursor to find out if it truly is the cursor to find out if it truly is the cursor co-pilot killer. It is July 16th, 2025, co-pilot killer. It is July 16th, 2025, co-pilot killer. It is July 16th, 2025, and you're watching the Code Report. You and you're watching the Code Report. You and you're watching the Code Report. You might remember a few weeks ago when might remember a few weeks ago when might remember a few weeks ago when OpenAI was going to buy that other VS OpenAI was going to buy that other VS OpenAI was going to buy that other VS Code fork, Windsor, for billions of Code fork, Windsor, for billions of Code fork, Windsor, for billions of dollars. Well, that deal fell apart. dollars. Well, that deal fell apart. dollars. Well, that deal fell apart. Then Google came in and gutted all the Then Google came in and gutted all the Then Google came in and gutted all the talent from the company by convincing talent from the company by convincing talent from the company by convincing them to abandon ship and join Google for them to abandon ship and join Google for them to abandon ship and join Google for $2.4 billion. That screwed over many of $2.4 billion. That screwed over many of $2.4 billion. That screwed over many of the employees at Windsurf, but it's not the employees at Windsurf, but it's not the employees at Windsurf, but it's not a total loss because then Cognition, the a total loss because then Cognition, the a total loss because then Cognition, the creator of Devon, is swooped in after creator of Devon, is swooped in after creator of Devon, is swooped in after Google to buy up all the scraps in what Google to buy up all the scraps in what Google to buy up all the scraps in what appears to be an all stock deal. We live appears to be an all stock deal. We live appears to be an all stock deal. We live in a world where people will literally in a world where people will literally in a world where people will literally pay you billions of dollars for a VS pay you billions of dollars for a VS pay you billions of dollars for a VS Code fork because all these companies Code fork because all these companies Code fork because all these companies are desperate to get developers to use are desperate to get developers to use are desperate to get developers to use their products. But the company taking their products. But the company taking their products. But the company taking the lion's share of developer money is the lion's share of developer money is the lion's share of developer money is anthropic. primarily thanks to its Cloud anthropic. primarily thanks to its Cloud anthropic. primarily thanks to its Cloud Code CLI tool. Anthropic went from less Code CLI tool. Anthropic went from less Code CLI tool. Anthropic went from less than a billion in revenue last year to than a billion in revenue last year to than a billion in revenue last year to now over 4 billion this year. And one of now over 4 billion this year. And one of now over 4 billion this year. And one of their biggest investors is Amazon, which their biggest investors is Amazon, which their biggest investors is Amazon, which has pumped $8 billion into the company has pumped $8 billion into the company has pumped $8 billion into the company so far. Now, if you don't use Claude so far. Now, if you don't use Claude so far. Now, if you don't use Claude code, there's a good chance you use an code, there's a good chance you use an code, there's a good chance you use an IDE like Cursor powered by Claude IDE like Cursor powered by Claude IDE like Cursor powered by Claude instead. It's great, but the problem is instead. It's great, but the problem is instead. It's great, but the problem is that Anthropic has cursor by the balls. that Anthropic has cursor by the balls. that Anthropic has cursor by the balls. If developers want to use Claude, Cursor If developers want to use Claude, Cursor If developers want to use Claude, Cursor needs to act as a middleman and price it needs to act as a middleman and price it needs to act as a middleman and price it in a way that can eventually become in a way that can eventually become in a way that can eventually become profitable. Recently, Curser tried to profitable. Recently, Curser tried to profitable. Recently, Curser tried to make some tweaks to its pricing that make some tweaks to its pricing that make some tweaks to its pricing that caught some customers offguard because caught some customers offguard because caught some customers offguard because suddenly their vibe coding bill became suddenly their vibe coding bill became suddenly their vibe coding bill became way higher and Curser had to later come way higher and Curser had to later come way higher and Curser had to later come out and apologize publicly. If that out and apologize publicly. If that out and apologize publicly. If that weren't bad enough, now here comes Curo. weren't bad enough, now here comes Curo. weren't bad enough, now here comes Curo. It's also a VS Code fork with many It's also a VS Code fork with many It's also a VS Code fork with many similar features and based on its similar features and based on its similar features and based on its initial pricing, it looks like you'll be initial pricing, it looks like you'll be initial pricing, it looks like you'll be able to get much more out of Claude for able to get much more out of Claude for able to get much more out of Claude for a much lower price. I'm sure it's a a much lower price. I'm sure it's a a much lower price. I'm sure it's a total coincidence that Amazon chose to total coincidence that Amazon chose to total coincidence that Amazon chose to release Kira right now, but let's try it release Kira right now, but let's try it release Kira right now, but let's try it out and find out if it's any good. out and find out if it's any good. out and find out if it's any good. Overall, I think the UI looks really Overall, I think the UI looks really Overall, I think the UI looks really nice, but it did feel a bit slow and was nice, but it did feel a bit slow and was nice, but it did feel a bit slow and was missing small features like chat missing small features like chat missing small features like chat checkpoints and cursor. I also ran into checkpoints and cursor. I also ran into checkpoints and cursor. I also ran into a bunch of delays because the service a bunch of delays because the service a bunch of delays because the service was overloaded. But these are issues you was overloaded. But these are issues you was overloaded. But these are issues you would expect on an early release product would expect on an early release product would expect on an early release product like this. The biggest difference though like this. The biggest difference though like this. The biggest difference though is that Kira tries to prevent you from is that Kira tries to prevent you from is that Kira tries to prevent you from generating a bunch of slop all at once. generating a bunch of slop all at once. generating a bunch of slop all at once. Rather than go straight to code, it Rather than go straight to code, it Rather than go straight to code, it encourages you to start in this encourages you to start in this encourages you to start in this requirements MD file, which defines requirements MD file, which defines requirements MD file, which defines things like the user story and things like the user story and things like the user story and acceptance conditions. Then once that acceptance conditions. Then once that acceptance conditions. Then once that plan is in place, it can move on to the plan is in place, it can move on to the plan is in place, it can move on to the design which is the design document that design which is the design document that design which is the design document that outlines implementation details like outlines implementation details like outlines implementation details like your component structure, your testing your component structure, your testing your component structure, your testing strategy, error handling strategy and so strategy, error handling strategy and so strategy, error handling strategy and so on. And then finally, those two on. And then finally, those two on. And then finally, those two documents get combined together to documents get combined together to documents get combined together to create an implementation plan. Each task create an implementation plan. Each task create an implementation plan. Each task will outline the code the AI should will outline the code the AI should will outline the code the AI should write. Then you can click this button in write. Then you can click this button in write. Then you can click this button in the IDE to start it. Overall, the the IDE to start it. Overall, the the IDE to start it. Overall, the process felt a bit slower, but it does process felt a bit slower, but it does process felt a bit slower, but it does feel like a much more sane approach if feel like a much more sane approach if feel like a much more sane approach if you're building something serious or you're building something serious or you're building something serious or working with a team of multiple people. working with a team of multiple people. working with a team of multiple people. Overall, it feels like an IDE designed Overall, it feels like an IDE designed Overall, it feels like an IDE designed to appeal to developers working in to appeal to developers working in to appeal to developers working in enterprise where things like design enterprise where things like design enterprise where things like design documents and consistent code quality documents and consistent code quality documents and consistent code quality matters. Currently, Kira is closed matters. Currently, Kira is closed matters. Currently, Kira is closed source and only powered by Claude, but source and only powered by Claude, but source and only powered by Claude, but in the future, they plan to offer other in the future, they plan to offer other in the future, they plan to offer other models. Right now, Amazon is offering it models. Right now, Amazon is offering it models. Right now, Amazon is offering it for free, so using it's a no-brainer, for free, so using it's a no-brainer, for free, so using it's a no-brainer, but only time will tell if it becomes a but only time will tell if it becomes a but only time will tell if it becomes a legit cursor killer. But if you want to legit cursor killer. But if you want to legit cursor killer. But if you want to harness the full power of AI, you need harness the full power of AI, you need harness the full power of AI, you need to understand the math and computer to understand the math and computer to understand the math and computer science behind it. And you can do that science behind it. And you can do that science behind it. And you can do that today for free with Brilliant, the today for free with Brilliant, the today for free with Brilliant, the sponsor of today's video. Their how AI sponsor of today's video. Their how AI sponsor of today's video. Their how AI works course teaches you how to build a works course teaches you how to build a works course teaches you how to build a functioning language model from scratch functioning language model from scratch functioning language model from scratch and lets you experiment with things like and lets you experiment with things like and lets you experiment with things like feature vectors to edit facial feature vectors to edit facial feature vectors to edit facial expressions and images. This hands-on expressions and images. This hands-on expressions and images. This hands-on approach to learning helps you master approach to learning helps you master approach to learning helps you master challenging concepts over time and is challenging concepts over time and is challenging concepts over time and is proven to be six times more effective proven to be six times more effective proven to be six times more effective than watching video lectures. Try than watching video lectures. Try than watching video lectures. Try everything Brilliant has to offer for everything Brilliant has to offer for everything Brilliant has to offer for free for 30 days by visiting free for 30 days by visiting free for 30 days by visiting brilliant.org/fireship brilliant.org/fireship brilliant.org/fireship or scan the QR code on screen to get 20% or scan the QR code on screen to get 20% or scan the QR code on screen to get 20% off an annual premium subscription. This off an annual premium subscription. This off an annual premium subscription. This has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
