Title: Can AI Make Better Slides Than You？
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

If you were to ask chat GPD to create a If you were to ask chat GPD to create a If you were to ask chat GPD to create a presentation based on the contents of presentation based on the contents of presentation based on the contents of this blog post, it will be able to read this blog post, it will be able to read this blog post, it will be able to read the blog post and then write Python code the blog post and then write Python code the blog post and then write Python code for the presentation. Now, here's the for the presentation. Now, here's the for the presentation. Now, here's the final outcome. The content is there, but final outcome. The content is there, but final outcome. The content is there, but the formatting is hit and miss. Cloud the formatting is hit and miss. Cloud the formatting is hit and miss. Cloud Opus, on the other hand, does a much Opus, on the other hand, does a much Opus, on the other hand, does a much better job. However, the formatting is better job. However, the formatting is better job. However, the formatting is still not consistent and there are some still not consistent and there are some still not consistent and there are some very weird formatting issues and if you very weird formatting issues and if you very weird formatting issues and if you were to change a single slide, the agent were to change a single slide, the agent were to change a single slide, the agent will redo the whole tech for you in a will redo the whole tech for you in a will redo the whole tech for you in a completely different format. That's why completely different format. That's why completely different format. That's why dedicated tools like gumup comes into dedicated tools like gumup comes into dedicated tools like gumup comes into play. You can create beautiful play. You can create beautiful play. You can create beautiful consistent consistent consistent presentations and slide text using their presentations and slide text using their presentations and slide text using their AI agent. And now they just introduced AI agent. And now they just introduced AI agent. And now they just introduced their GMA API where you can create their GMA API where you can create their GMA API where you can create presentations on your contents at scale. presentations on your contents at scale. presentations on your contents at scale. So for example, here is a web interface So for example, here is a web interface So for example, here is a web interface that I created that can generate the that I created that can generate the that I created that can generate the same slides in multiple different same slides in multiple different same slides in multiple different languages. More on this later in the languages. More on this later in the languages. More on this later in the video. And this is powered by GMA API. video. And this is powered by GMA API. video. And this is powered by GMA API. You can also use GMA API with tools like You can also use GMA API with tools like You can also use GMA API with tools like Zapier or Make to completely automate Zapier or Make to completely automate Zapier or Make to completely automate your presentation creation at bulk. GMA your presentation creation at bulk. GMA your presentation creation at bulk. GMA is also the kind sponsor of today's is also the kind sponsor of today's is also the kind sponsor of today's video. Okay, so let me first walk you video. Okay, so let me first walk you video. Okay, so let me first walk you through the platform and then I'll show through the platform and then I'll show through the platform and then I'll show you how to use the API for bulk creation you how to use the API for bulk creation you how to use the API for bulk creation of presentations and web pages. They of presentations and web pages. They of presentations and web pages. They recently had GMA 3 release with which recently had GMA 3 release with which recently had GMA 3 release with which they are introducing GMA agent. So for they are introducing GMA agent. So for they are introducing GMA agent. So for example, if you click on create new, you example, if you click on create new, you example, if you click on create new, you can use the agent to help you create can use the agent to help you create can use the agent to help you create powerful presentations. You have three powerful presentations. You have three powerful presentations. You have three different options. First is you provide different options. First is you provide different options. First is you provide the outline or the content of your the outline or the content of your the outline or the content of your presentation. Next, you can provide a presentation. Next, you can provide a presentation. Next, you can provide a single prompt. The agent will do single prompt. The agent will do single prompt. The agent will do research for you and then create research for you and then create research for you and then create presentations based on that. And the presentations based on that. And the presentations based on that. And the third one is either to import files or third one is either to import files or third one is either to import files or direct the agent towards URL. So for direct the agent towards URL. So for direct the agent towards URL. So for this quick example, we're going to be this quick example, we're going to be this quick example, we're going to be using this blog post writing effective using this blog post writing effective using this blog post writing effective tools for agents with agents. So I'm tools for agents with agents. So I'm tools for agents with agents. So I'm going to just copy the URL. I want a going to just copy the URL. I want a going to just copy the URL. I want a presentation based on the contents of presentation based on the contents of presentation based on the contents of this web page for my work and this this web page for my work and this this web page for my work and this YouTube channel. I create a lot of YouTube channel. I create a lot of YouTube channel. I create a lot of presentations which are grounded in the presentations which are grounded in the presentations which are grounded in the material that I'm providing. So a tool material that I'm providing. So a tool material that I'm providing. So a tool like GMA is going to be extremely like GMA is going to be extremely like GMA is going to be extremely helpful for those use cases. Now here we helpful for those use cases. Now here we helpful for those use cases. Now here we can just provide the URL. So here's the can just provide the URL. So here's the can just provide the URL. So here's the link. Also you can upload existing link. Also you can upload existing link. Also you can upload existing PowerPoint presentations, docs, PDF PowerPoint presentations, docs, PDF PowerPoint presentations, docs, PDF files or you can import from Google files or you can import from Google files or you can import from Google Drive or Google Docs which is extremely Drive or Google Docs which is extremely Drive or Google Docs which is extremely helpful. Okay, so we're going to just helpful. Okay, so we're going to just helpful. Okay, so we're going to just import this. Now here it asks us whether import this. Now here it asks us whether import this. Now here it asks us whether you want to create a presentation, you want to create a presentation, you want to create a presentation, webpage document or a post for social webpage document or a post for social webpage document or a post for social media. I'm going to click on media. I'm going to click on media. I'm going to click on presentation then click continue. So you presentation then click continue. So you presentation then click continue. So you can see that it was able to parse the can see that it was able to parse the can see that it was able to parse the whole document. It's even keeping all whole document. It's even keeping all whole document. It's even keeping all the images. And now you have a few the images. And now you have a few the images. And now you have a few options here. You can control the amount options here. You can control the amount options here. You can control the amount of text. We're going to just keep it to of text. We're going to just keep it to of text. We're going to just keep it to concise. You also have the ability to concise. You also have the ability to concise. You also have the ability to select different visual themes. So I'm select different visual themes. So I'm select different visual themes. So I'm going to just select this. And for going to just select this. And for going to just select this. And for images, you can have AI generated images images, you can have AI generated images images, you can have AI generated images or it can do web search. I just like to or it can do web search. I just like to or it can do web search. I just like to have illustrations there. So I'm going have illustrations there. So I'm going have illustrations there. So I'm going to select that. Now you can also provide to select that. Now you can also provide to select that. Now you can also provide additional additional additional context to the agent. So here I'm going context to the agent. So here I'm going context to the agent. So here I'm going to tell it to use images and plots from to tell it to use images and plots from to tell it to use images and plots from the blog post itself which is pretty the blog post itself which is pretty the blog post itself which is pretty awesome because if you use chart GPT or awesome because if you use chart GPT or awesome because if you use chart GPT or even entropic opus for they usually are even entropic opus for they usually are even entropic opus for they usually are not able to parse images correctly. So not able to parse images correctly. So not able to parse images correctly. So here now it's creating the contents for here now it's creating the contents for here now it's creating the contents for us based on the material that we us based on the material that we us based on the material that we provided. I think by default it provided. I think by default it provided. I think by default it generates 10 slides but you can control generates 10 slides but you can control generates 10 slides but you can control that and ask it to create more. Now you that and ask it to create more. Now you that and ask it to create more. Now you can already see that it added an image can already see that it added an image can already see that it added an image from the blog post into the from the blog post into the from the blog post into the presentation. Now it is also copying presentation. Now it is also copying presentation. Now it is also copying images directly when it's talking about images directly when it's talking about images directly when it's talking about performance which is pretty awesome. performance which is pretty awesome. performance which is pretty awesome. Okay. So the first iteration of the Okay. So the first iteration of the Okay. So the first iteration of the presentation is ready and you can here presentation is ready and you can here presentation is ready and you can here check whether it's actually grounded in check whether it's actually grounded in check whether it's actually grounded in the material that you provided or not. the material that you provided or not. the material that you provided or not. In my case, it does seem to be grounded In my case, it does seem to be grounded In my case, it does seem to be grounded in the information that is in the blog in the information that is in the blog in the information that is in the blog post itself. Now, let's use the agent to post itself. Now, let's use the agent to post itself. Now, let's use the agent to make some changes. So, for example, on make some changes. So, for example, on make some changes. So, for example, on this specific this specific this specific slide, I want to change this into a slide, I want to change this into a slide, I want to change this into a diagram or a workflow. Okay. So, here diagram or a workflow. Okay. So, here diagram or a workflow. Okay. So, here I'm going to just use WordB. Can you I'm going to just use WordB. Can you I'm going to just use WordB. Can you create a flowchart which shows the create a flowchart which shows the create a flowchart which shows the difference between difference between difference between traditional software engineering tools traditional software engineering tools traditional software engineering tools and agentic tools based on the and agentic tools based on the and agentic tools based on the information that was provided in the information that was provided in the information that was provided in the blog post. Okay. So I'm happy with this. blog post. Okay. So I'm happy with this. blog post. Okay. So I'm happy with this. We're going to send in. So on the We're going to send in. So on the We're going to send in. So on the sidebar you can see that the agent is sidebar you can see that the agent is sidebar you can see that the agent is creating another slide for us that creating another slide for us that creating another slide for us that introduced the workflow. So in the blog introduced the workflow. So in the blog introduced the workflow. So in the blog post they talk about deterministic post they talk about deterministic post they talk about deterministic software where you have your input software where you have your input software where you have your input deterministic function and predicted deterministic function and predicted deterministic function and predicted output. When it comes to agentic tools output. When it comes to agentic tools output. When it comes to agentic tools the agent is able to make decisions the agent is able to make decisions the agent is able to make decisions which are non-deterministic and it's which are non-deterministic and it's which are non-deterministic and it's able to capture that. Now one thing able to capture that. Now one thing able to capture that. Now one thing which you'll notice is that it's keeping which you'll notice is that it's keeping which you'll notice is that it's keeping the theme consistent which is pretty the theme consistent which is pretty the theme consistent which is pretty awesome. So you can really create awesome. So you can really create awesome. So you can really create targeted edits with the help of this targeted edits with the help of this targeted edits with the help of this agent without affecting the overall agent without affecting the overall agent without affecting the overall theme of your slide deck. Also, just theme of your slide deck. Also, just theme of your slide deck. Also, just like software engineering, it does like software engineering, it does like software engineering, it does version control. So here's the original version control. So here's the original version control. So here's the original version of the slide deck. And then this version of the slide deck. And then this version of the slide deck. And then this is the modified version, which is a is the modified version, which is a is the modified version, which is a pretty neat feature. Okay, one more pretty neat feature. Okay, one more pretty neat feature. Okay, one more thing. You can change the language of thing. You can change the language of thing. You can change the language of the entire slide deck or a single slide. the entire slide deck or a single slide. the entire slide deck or a single slide. So let's say we're going to use the same So let's say we're going to use the same So let's say we're going to use the same tool. Can you change the language to tool. Can you change the language to tool. Can you change the language to Arabic for this specific slide? Okay. So Arabic for this specific slide? Okay. So Arabic for this specific slide? Okay. So I'm happy with the transcription. I'm happy with the transcription. I'm happy with the transcription. Going to send that in again. The agent Going to send that in again. The agent Going to send that in again. The agent is going to start looking at that slide is going to start looking at that slide is going to start looking at that slide and hopefully we'll make edits to only and hopefully we'll make edits to only and hopefully we'll make edits to only this one slide. And yes. Okay. So the this one slide. And yes. Okay. So the this one slide. And yes. Okay. So the rest of the presentation rest of the presentation rest of the presentation is in English and it's able to make is in English and it's able to make is in English and it's able to make edits to that one specific slide. Now edits to that one specific slide. Now edits to that one specific slide. Now think of this. If you create a slide in think of this. If you create a slide in think of this. If you create a slide in one language, then you can use the agent one language, then you can use the agent one language, then you can use the agent to just recreate multiple different to just recreate multiple different to just recreate multiple different versions of the same slide deck in versions of the same slide deck in versions of the same slide deck in multiple different languages or for multiple different languages or for multiple different languages or for different regions, which is I think a different regions, which is I think a different regions, which is I think a crazy productivity crazy productivity crazy productivity unlocker. Next, I'm going to show you unlocker. Next, I'm going to show you unlocker. Next, I'm going to show you how to create presentations using the how to create presentations using the how to create presentations using the API, which is going to be of interest to API, which is going to be of interest to API, which is going to be of interest to developers out there. Here's a simple developers out there. Here's a simple developers out there. Here's a simple web app that I created where you can web app that I created where you can web app that I created where you can provide the GMA API key along with a provide the GMA API key along with a provide the GMA API key along with a text prompt. This can be as simple as text prompt. This can be as simple as text prompt. This can be as simple as providing a web link the way we have providing a web link the way we have providing a web link the way we have been doing. Then you can select multiple been doing. Then you can select multiple been doing. Then you can select multiple different languages if you want. And you different languages if you want. And you different languages if you want. And you also have the option to either create an also have the option to either create an also have the option to either create an expanded version, summarized version, or expanded version, summarized version, or expanded version, summarized version, or keep the original content. And you can keep the original content. And you can keep the original content. And you can either create a presentation or a either create a presentation or a either create a presentation or a document. And based on that, I created document. And based on that, I created document. And based on that, I created this web app. Link to this is going to this web app. Link to this is going to this web app. Link to this is going to be in the video description. Now, in be in the video description. Now, in be in the video description. Now, in order to use the API, you need to be on order to use the API, you need to be on order to use the API, you need to be on the pro plan. You can get started for the pro plan. You can get started for the pro plan. You can get started for free, but this is going to be extremely free, but this is going to be extremely free, but this is going to be extremely helpful for organizations and teams that helpful for organizations and teams that helpful for organizations and teams that are creating a lot of presentations and are creating a lot of presentations and are creating a lot of presentations and documents. So, if you're on the pro documents. So, if you're on the pro documents. So, if you're on the pro plan, go to settings and members. And plan, go to settings and members. And plan, go to settings and members. And here you're going to see API keys. You here you're going to see API keys. You here you're going to see API keys. You can create a new API key. Just copy that can create a new API key. Just copy that can create a new API key. Just copy that API key. And then, if you're running my API key. And then, if you're running my API key. And then, if you're running my web app, you can just paste the API key web app, you can just paste the API key web app, you can just paste the API key here. Now, in this case, we're going to here. Now, in this case, we're going to here. Now, in this case, we're going to use the same text prompt. I can select use the same text prompt. I can select use the same text prompt. I can select multiple different languages, but let's multiple different languages, but let's multiple different languages, but let's keep it to English only. Then, let's keep it to English only. Then, let's keep it to English only. Then, let's click generate and let's hit generate. click generate and let's hit generate. click generate and let's hit generate. Okay. So right now it's processing. This Okay. So right now it's processing. This Okay. So right now it's processing. This is going to take a couple of minutes. is going to take a couple of minutes. is going to take a couple of minutes. Now for this specific web app, if you Now for this specific web app, if you Now for this specific web app, if you select multiple different languages, it select multiple different languages, it select multiple different languages, it will be just making multiple different will be just making multiple different will be just making multiple different calls to the API endpoint. The content calls to the API endpoint. The content calls to the API endpoint. The content may vary between different presentations may vary between different presentations may vary between different presentations because these are independent calls. because these are independent calls. because these are independent calls. Okay. So the presentation actually is Okay. So the presentation actually is Okay. So the presentation actually is going to show up here. You can click on going to show up here. You can click on going to show up here. You can click on it and then you can use the same agent it and then you can use the same agent it and then you can use the same agent as before to make any adjustments that as before to make any adjustments that as before to make any adjustments that you want which is pretty neat. So with you want which is pretty neat. So with you want which is pretty neat. So with this API I think it's going to be a very this API I think it's going to be a very this API I think it's going to be a very powerful tool for developers who want to powerful tool for developers who want to powerful tool for developers who want to create documentations and presentations create documentations and presentations create documentations and presentations in bulk. So do check them out. I think in bulk. So do check them out. I think in bulk. So do check them out. I think it's going to be an extremely helpful it's going to be an extremely helpful it's going to be an extremely helpful tool and I can actually see myself using tool and I can actually see myself using tool and I can actually see myself using it a lot. Anyways, do let me know what it a lot. Anyways, do let me know what it a lot. Anyways, do let me know what you think and if you find this video you think and if you find this video you think and if you find this video useful, do like and subscribe. Anyways, useful, do like and subscribe. Anyways, useful, do like and subscribe. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. I hope you found this video useful. I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see Thanks for watching and as always, see Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
