Title: Did OpenAI Just FIX Hallucinations？
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Hallucinations are one of the biggest Hallucinations are one of the biggest Hallucinations are one of the biggest problems with modern language models. problems with modern language models. problems with modern language models. But why exactly they hallucinate and is But why exactly they hallucinate and is But why exactly they hallucinate and is it possible to mitigate those? I think it possible to mitigate those? I think it possible to mitigate those? I think we finally have an answer. So there is a we finally have an answer. So there is a we finally have an answer. So there is a very interesting paper from OpenAI very interesting paper from OpenAI very interesting paper from OpenAI titled why language models hallucinate. titled why language models hallucinate. titled why language models hallucinate. They argue that the main reason of They argue that the main reason of They argue that the main reason of hallucinations is how we train and hallucinations is how we train and hallucinations is how we train and evaluate these language models. So in evaluate these language models. So in evaluate these language models. So in here they say hallucinations need not be here they say hallucinations need not be here they say hallucinations need not be mysterious. They originate simply as mysterious. They originate simply as mysterious. They originate simply as errors in binary classification. errors in binary classification. errors in binary classification. If incorrect statements can't be If incorrect statements can't be If incorrect statements can't be distinguished from facts, then distinguished from facts, then distinguished from facts, then hallucinations in pre-trained language hallucinations in pre-trained language hallucinations in pre-trained language models will arise through natural models will arise through natural models will arise through natural statistical pressures. Now, don't worry statistical pressures. Now, don't worry statistical pressures. Now, don't worry if this does not make sense. I'm going if this does not make sense. I'm going if this does not make sense. I'm going to break it down and we're going to see to break it down and we're going to see to break it down and we're going to see why this exactly happens. For this, we why this exactly happens. For this, we why this exactly happens. For this, we will first need to understand how will first need to understand how will first need to understand how language model works. So commonly we say language model works. So commonly we say language model works. So commonly we say that language models are next word that language models are next word that language models are next word predictors but I would argue they are a predictors but I would argue they are a predictors but I would argue they are a lot more than that. So here's a very lot more than that. So here's a very lot more than that. So here's a very quick demo that I put together with help quick demo that I put together with help quick demo that I put together with help of claude. Now there are usually two of claude. Now there are usually two of claude. Now there are usually two steps. One is pre-training and the other steps. One is pre-training and the other steps. One is pre-training and the other one is postraining. We have a massive one is postraining. We have a massive one is postraining. We have a massive text data set. We pass this through a text data set. We pass this through a text data set. We pass this through a large language model and it will large language model and it will large language model and it will recognize patterns in the data and based recognize patterns in the data and based recognize patterns in the data and based on the distribution of tokens, it's on the distribution of tokens, it's on the distribution of tokens, it's going to make next word prediction. But going to make next word prediction. But going to make next word prediction. But I would argue it does a lot more. So for I would argue it does a lot more. So for I would argue it does a lot more. So for example, if you were to ask something example, if you were to ask something example, if you were to ask something like this in Paris, the capital of like this in Paris, the capital of like this in Paris, the capital of France, the primary language spoken is France, the primary language spoken is France, the primary language spoken is the prediction should be French if you the prediction should be French if you the prediction should be French if you have a pre-trained model. But in order have a pre-trained model. But in order have a pre-trained model. But in order to make that prediction, it's not only to make that prediction, it's not only to make that prediction, it's not only just looking at the distribution of just looking at the distribution of just looking at the distribution of words. The model needs to understand words. The model needs to understand words. The model needs to understand grammar also it needs to be able to have grammar also it needs to be able to have grammar also it needs to be able to have long distance context through self long distance context through self long distance context through self attention. So for example, it needs to attention. So for example, it needs to attention. So for example, it needs to keep track of Paris uh its relationship keep track of Paris uh its relationship keep track of Paris uh its relationship to France and then the language the user to France and then the language the user to France and then the language the user is asking about. Also it needs to have is asking about. Also it needs to have is asking about. Also it needs to have word knowledge. So it needs to know that word knowledge. So it needs to know that word knowledge. So it needs to know that Paris is in France and then French is Paris is in France and then French is Paris is in France and then French is the primary spoken language in there and the primary spoken language in there and the primary spoken language in there and then it also should be able to uh filter then it also should be able to uh filter then it also should be able to uh filter any distractors in the language. Now any distractors in the language. Now any distractors in the language. Now having said that it still needs to having said that it still needs to having said that it still needs to predict the next word. So it will come predict the next word. So it will come predict the next word. So it will come up with a probability distribution of up with a probability distribution of up with a probability distribution of what the next word prediction should what the next word prediction should what the next word prediction should look like and that's where the main look like and that's where the main look like and that's where the main issue comes into play. So [snorts] even issue comes into play. So [snorts] even issue comes into play. So [snorts] even if the model does not have knowledge if the model does not have knowledge if the model does not have knowledge about a certain topic, it's going to about a certain topic, it's going to about a certain topic, it's going to pick a word based on the distribution pick a word based on the distribution pick a word based on the distribution that it has seen. So sometimes you're that it has seen. So sometimes you're that it has seen. So sometimes you're going to see that the model will going to see that the model will going to see that the model will generate answers which are incorrect but generate answers which are incorrect but generate answers which are incorrect but it's extremely confident in those it's extremely confident in those it's extremely confident in those answers and that's where hallucinations answers and that's where hallucinations answers and that's where hallucinations come from. Their main argument is that come from. Their main argument is that come from. Their main argument is that hallucinations persist because hallucinations persist because hallucinations persist because the evaluation mechanism that is used the evaluation mechanism that is used the evaluation mechanism that is used today encourages generating answers today encourages generating answers today encourages generating answers rather than abstinence. So in here they rather than abstinence. So in here they rather than abstinence. So in here they say hallucinations persist partly say hallucinations persist partly say hallucinations persist partly because current evaluation methods set because current evaluation methods set because current evaluation methods set the wrong incentives. While evaluations the wrong incentives. While evaluations the wrong incentives. While evaluations themselves do not directly cause themselves do not directly cause themselves do not directly cause hallucinations, most evaluations measure hallucinations, most evaluations measure hallucinations, most evaluations measure model performance in a way that model performance in a way that model performance in a way that encourages guessing rather than honesty encourages guessing rather than honesty encourages guessing rather than honesty about uncertaintity. So in most training about uncertaintity. So in most training about uncertaintity. So in most training paradigms, we use cross entropy which is paradigms, we use cross entropy which is paradigms, we use cross entropy which is the negative log of the probability of the negative log of the probability of the negative log of the probability of correct prediction. So essentially you correct prediction. So essentially you correct prediction. So essentially you can convert this into a binary can convert this into a binary can convert this into a binary classification problem. As a result, classification problem. As a result, classification problem. As a result, either the model can correctly predict either the model can correctly predict either the model can correctly predict the next token or incorrectly predict the next token or incorrectly predict the next token or incorrectly predict the next token. Now, the model doesn't the next token. Now, the model doesn't the next token. Now, the model doesn't really have another option and that's really have another option and that's really have another option and that's why it incentivize just guessing. So, why it incentivize just guessing. So, why it incentivize just guessing. So, here they say if you do not know the here they say if you do not know the here they say if you do not know the answer but take a wild guess, you might answer but take a wild guess, you might answer but take a wild guess, you might get lucky and be right. Leaving it blank get lucky and be right. Leaving it blank get lucky and be right. Leaving it blank guarantees a zero. In the same way when guarantees a zero. In the same way when guarantees a zero. In the same way when models are graded only on accuracy the models are graded only on accuracy the models are graded only on accuracy the percentage of questions they get exactly percentage of questions they get exactly percentage of questions they get exactly right they are encouraged to guess right they are encouraged to guess right they are encouraged to guess rather than say I don't know now that's rather than say I don't know now that's rather than say I don't know now that's where we need to have a different type where we need to have a different type where we need to have a different type of evaluation when we are training these of evaluation when we are training these of evaluation when we are training these models so they argue that for questions models so they argue that for questions models so they argue that for questions where there is a single right answer one where there is a single right answer one where there is a single right answer one can consider three categories of can consider three categories of can consider three categories of responses one is going to be accurate responses one is going to be accurate responses one is going to be accurate responses the second will be errors and responses the second will be errors and responses the second will be errors and third is abstinence where the model does third is abstinence where the model does third is abstinence where the model does not hazard a guess. Now in order to not hazard a guess. Now in order to not hazard a guess. Now in order to incentivize abstinence you will have to incentivize abstinence you will have to incentivize abstinence you will have to change the reward function and OpenAI is change the reward function and OpenAI is change the reward function and OpenAI is working on models where uh rather than working on models where uh rather than working on models where uh rather than just generating an answer the model is just generating an answer the model is just generating an answer the model is encouraged more to ask uh clarifying or encouraged more to ask uh clarifying or encouraged more to ask uh clarifying or follow-up questions. Now GBT5 compared follow-up questions. Now GBT5 compared follow-up questions. Now GBT5 compared to the previous versions have to the previous versions have to the previous versions have drastically lower hallucination rates drastically lower hallucination rates drastically lower hallucination rates and in some cases uh it's less than 1% and in some cases uh it's less than 1% and in some cases uh it's less than 1% but still hallucinations do occur. They but still hallucinations do occur. They but still hallucinations do occur. They also argue that apart from uh training also argue that apart from uh training also argue that apart from uh training the evaluations on benchmarks also the evaluations on benchmarks also the evaluations on benchmarks also incentivize hallucinations. So they say incentivize hallucinations. So they say incentivize hallucinations. So they say the accuracy on the scoreboards dominate the accuracy on the scoreboards dominate the accuracy on the scoreboards dominate leaderboards and model cards, motivating leaderboards and model cards, motivating leaderboards and model cards, motivating developers to build models that guess developers to build models that guess developers to build models that guess rather than hold back. And accuracy rather than hold back. And accuracy rather than hold back. And accuracy being just binary classification where being just binary classification where being just binary classification where the model is encouraged to guess rather the model is encouraged to guess rather the model is encouraged to guess rather than get a zero on a question. That is than get a zero on a question. That is than get a zero on a question. That is one reason why even as the models get one reason why even as the models get one reason why even as the models get more advanced they can still hallucinate more advanced they can still hallucinate more advanced they can still hallucinate confidently giving wrong answers instead confidently giving wrong answers instead confidently giving wrong answers instead of acknowledging uncertaintity. So we of acknowledging uncertaintity. So we of acknowledging uncertaintity. So we will have actually need to change the will have actually need to change the will have actually need to change the way we uh do our benchmarking as well. way we uh do our benchmarking as well. way we uh do our benchmarking as well. So there are two different components uh So there are two different components uh So there are two different components uh if we want to reduce hallucination. if we want to reduce hallucination. if we want to reduce hallucination. [clears throat] First when it comes to [clears throat] First when it comes to [clears throat] First when it comes to training we need to change uh the reward training we need to change uh the reward training we need to change uh the reward function for training mechanisms and in function for training mechanisms and in function for training mechanisms and in the second part we also need to work on the second part we also need to work on the second part we also need to work on the leaderboards or scoreboards when we the leaderboards or scoreboards when we the leaderboards or scoreboards when we are comparing different models. So here are comparing different models. So here are comparing different models. So here they say penalizing confident errors they say penalizing confident errors they say penalizing confident errors more than you penalize uncertaintity and more than you penalize uncertaintity and more than you penalize uncertaintity and give partial credit for appropriate give partial credit for appropriate give partial credit for appropriate expression of uncertaintity. This idea expression of uncertaintity. This idea expression of uncertaintity. This idea is not new. Some standardized tests have is not new. Some standardized tests have is not new. Some standardized tests have long used variation of negative marking long used variation of negative marking long used variation of negative marking for wrong answers or partial credit for for wrong answers or partial credit for for wrong answers or partial credit for leaving questions blanks to discourage leaving questions blanks to discourage leaving questions blanks to discourage blind guessings. We will have to come up blind guessings. We will have to come up blind guessings. We will have to come up with a very similar mechanism for LLMs with a very similar mechanism for LLMs with a very similar mechanism for LLMs as well. But that's more on the training as well. But that's more on the training as well. But that's more on the training side. Then they talk about uh it's not side. Then they talk about uh it's not side. Then they talk about uh it's not enough to add a few new uncertaintity enough to add a few new uncertaintity enough to add a few new uncertaintity aware tests on the side. The widely used aware tests on the side. The widely used aware tests on the side. The widely used accuracy based evolves need to be accuracy based evolves need to be accuracy based evolves need to be updated so that their scoring updated so that their scoring updated so that their scoring discourages guessing. If the main discourages guessing. If the main discourages guessing. If the main scoreboards keep rewarding lucky scoreboards keep rewarding lucky scoreboards keep rewarding lucky guesses, models will keep learning to guesses, models will keep learning to guesses, models will keep learning to guess. In fact, they mean that the model guess. In fact, they mean that the model guess. In fact, they mean that the model creators are going to uh make the models creators are going to uh make the models creators are going to uh make the models so that they keep guessing. Now, fixing so that they keep guessing. Now, fixing so that they keep guessing. Now, fixing scoreboards can broaden adoption of scoreboards can broaden adoption of scoreboards can broaden adoption of hallucination reduction techniques. both hallucination reduction techniques. both hallucination reduction techniques. both newly developed and those from prior newly developed and those from prior newly developed and those from prior research. Next, we're going to look at research. Next, we're going to look at research. Next, we're going to look at some interesting observations from their some interesting observations from their some interesting observations from their paper. Uh so the first one is claim paper. Uh so the first one is claim paper. Uh so the first one is claim hallucinations will be eliminated by hallucinations will be eliminated by hallucinations will be eliminated by improving accuracy because a 100% improving accuracy because a 100% improving accuracy because a 100% accurate model never hallucinates. That accurate model never hallucinates. That accurate model never hallucinates. That is not correct. So they say accuracy is not correct. So they say accuracy is not correct. So they say accuracy will never reach 100%. Because will never reach 100%. Because will never reach 100%. Because regardless of the model size, search and regardless of the model size, search and regardless of the model size, search and reasoning capabilities, some real world reasoning capabilities, some real world reasoning capabilities, some real world questions are inherently unanswerable. questions are inherently unanswerable. questions are inherently unanswerable. And if you're trying to achieve 100% And if you're trying to achieve 100% And if you're trying to achieve 100% accuracy, they argue that you are accuracy, they argue that you are accuracy, they argue that you are incentivizing hallucinations. incentivizing hallucinations. incentivizing hallucinations. The second claim is hallucinations are The second claim is hallucinations are The second claim is hallucinations are inevitable. inevitable. inevitable. uh they say they're not because language uh they say they're not because language uh they say they're not because language models can abstain when uncertain and we models can abstain when uncertain and we models can abstain when uncertain and we can train them so that they actually say can train them so that they actually say can train them so that they actually say I don't know rather than trying to guess I don't know rather than trying to guess I don't know rather than trying to guess answers. The next one is avoiding answers. The next one is avoiding answers. The next one is avoiding hallucinations uh require a degree of hallucinations uh require a degree of hallucinations uh require a degree of intelligence which is exclusively intelligence which is exclusively intelligence which is exclusively available to larger models but they available to larger models but they available to larger models but they argue that that may not be the case. argue that that may not be the case. argue that that may not be the case. Smaller models may actually know their Smaller models may actually know their Smaller models may actually know their limits. So for example um their uh limits. So for example um their uh limits. So for example um their uh specific example is if asked if um uh specific example is if asked if um uh specific example is if asked if um uh the model is asked about a topic that the model is asked about a topic that the model is asked about a topic that the model does not know the smaller the model does not know the smaller the model does not know the smaller model can actually uh say that it model can actually uh say that it model can actually uh say that it doesn't know based on um its limited doesn't know based on um its limited doesn't know based on um its limited knowledge. But if a larger model with knowledge. But if a larger model with knowledge. But if a larger model with more intelligence has knowledge of that more intelligence has knowledge of that more intelligence has knowledge of that topic uh but not to the extent to which topic uh but not to the extent to which topic uh but not to the extent to which it can answer the question, it may not it can answer the question, it may not it can answer the question, it may not be able to figure out the confidence be able to figure out the confidence be able to figure out the confidence level and could still hallucinate. The level and could still hallucinate. The level and could still hallucinate. The next claim is hallucinations are a next claim is hallucinations are a next claim is hallucinations are a mysterious glitch in the modern language mysterious glitch in the modern language mysterious glitch in the modern language models. Their argument is we understand models. Their argument is we understand models. Their argument is we understand the statistical mechanism through which the statistical mechanism through which the statistical mechanism through which hallucinations arise and are rewarded in hallucinations arise and are rewarded in hallucinations arise and are rewarded in evaluations. So we know why they occur evaluations. So we know why they occur evaluations. So we know why they occur and we also know the mechanisms uh in and we also know the mechanisms uh in and we also know the mechanisms uh in order to address them. And then to merge order to address them. And then to merge order to address them. And then to merge hallucination we just need a good hallucination we just need a good hallucination we just need a good hallucination evolve. So hallucination hallucination evolve. So hallucination hallucination evolve. So hallucination evolves have been published. However, a evolves have been published. However, a evolves have been published. However, a good hallucination evolve has little good hallucination evolve has little good hallucination evolve has little effect against hundreds of traditional effect against hundreds of traditional effect against hundreds of traditional accuracy based uh evils that penalize accuracy based uh evils that penalize accuracy based uh evils that penalize humanity and reward guessing. So instead humanity and reward guessing. So instead humanity and reward guessing. So instead all of the primary evol metrics needs to all of the primary evol metrics needs to all of the primary evol metrics needs to be reworked to revert expression of be reworked to revert expression of be reworked to revert expression of uncertaintity. And that's kind of the uncertaintity. And that's kind of the uncertaintity. And that's kind of the main takeaway. If we just rely on main takeaway. If we just rely on main takeaway. If we just rely on accuracy based uh metrics for evaluation accuracy based uh metrics for evaluation accuracy based uh metrics for evaluation of these large language models, we may of these large language models, we may of these large language models, we may never be able to uh eliminate never be able to uh eliminate never be able to uh eliminate hallucinations. Let me know what you hallucinations. Let me know what you hallucinations. Let me know what you think about the topic. I am personally think about the topic. I am personally think about the topic. I am personally really interested in understanding large really interested in understanding large really interested in understanding large language models, how they work and why language models, how they work and why language models, how they work and why these interesting phenomenas happen. Do these interesting phenomenas happen. Do these interesting phenomenas happen. Do let me know if you uh are finding this let me know if you uh are finding this let me know if you uh are finding this format useful. Anyways, I hope you found format useful. Anyways, I hope you found format useful. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching this video useful. Thanks for watching this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
