Title: Embedding Gemma： On-Device RAG Made Easy
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Okay, so Google just made ondevice Okay, so Google just made ondevice Okay, so Google just made ondevice retrieval augmented generation or rag a retrieval augmented generation or rag a retrieval augmented generation or rag a lot easier with this new lightweight lot easier with this new lightweight lot easier with this new lightweight embedding model they're calling embedding model they're calling embedding model they're calling embedding Gemma. It's trained on top of embedding Gemma. It's trained on top of embedding Gemma. It's trained on top of their Gemma 3. It's extremely their Gemma 3. It's extremely their Gemma 3. It's extremely lightweight which makes it very useful lightweight which makes it very useful lightweight which makes it very useful for running on device especially you for running on device especially you for running on device especially you need around 200 mgabytes of VRAM need around 200 mgabytes of VRAM need around 200 mgabytes of VRAM but it goes beyond simple search. You but it goes beyond simple search. You but it goes beyond simple search. You can use the same model for other natural can use the same model for other natural can use the same model for other natural language processing tasks such as language processing tasks such as language processing tasks such as classification or a topic modeling. So classification or a topic modeling. So classification or a topic modeling. So later in the video, I'll show you how to later in the video, I'll show you how to later in the video, I'll show you how to effectively effectively effectively set this for different tasks because set this for different tasks because set this for different tasks because setting this up can be a bit tricky. Now setting this up can be a bit tricky. Now setting this up can be a bit tricky. Now the model itself is about 300 million the model itself is about 300 million the model itself is about 300 million parameters which makes it a very small parameters which makes it a very small parameters which makes it a very small and lightweight model but it's best in and lightweight model but it's best in and lightweight model but it's best in class for its weight. Later in the video class for its weight. Later in the video class for its weight. Later in the video I'll show you how to use this and a I'll show you how to use this and a I'll show you how to use this and a simple rag setup as well as some simple rag setup as well as some simple rag setup as well as some classification examples using this classification examples using this classification examples using this model. But before that let's look at model. But before that let's look at model. But before that let's look at some quick technical details. So this is some quick technical details. So this is some quick technical details. So this is trained on top of the Gemma 3 trained on top of the Gemma 3 trained on top of the Gemma 3 architecture. It supports more than 100 architecture. It supports more than 100 architecture. It supports more than 100 languages which makes it extremely languages which makes it extremely languages which makes it extremely excellent for multilingual tasks. The excellent for multilingual tasks. The excellent for multilingual tasks. The output dimensions of this model are output dimensions of this model are output dimensions of this model are customizable. So the biggest dimension customizable. So the biggest dimension customizable. So the biggest dimension you can get is 768 and the lowest is you can get is 768 and the lowest is you can get is 768 and the lowest is 128. 128. 128. So it uses matrica representation which So it uses matrica representation which So it uses matrica representation which essentially is a dimensionality essentially is a dimensionality essentially is a dimensionality reduction technique for embedding reduction technique for embedding reduction technique for embedding models. So you can basically truncate models. So you can basically truncate models. So you can basically truncate the models at different dimensions. Now the models at different dimensions. Now the models at different dimensions. Now keep in mind that this also is going to keep in mind that this also is going to keep in mind that this also is going to result in loss of accuracy. So as result in loss of accuracy. So as result in loss of accuracy. So as expected more dimensions in the output expected more dimensions in the output expected more dimensions in the output will preserve more accuracy. As you will preserve more accuracy. As you will preserve more accuracy. As you reduce the number of dimensions in the reduce the number of dimensions in the reduce the number of dimensions in the output of the embedding model, the output of the embedding model, the output of the embedding model, the accuracy also decreases. accuracy also decreases. accuracy also decreases. But you save both on speed as well as on But you save both on speed as well as on But you save both on speed as well as on compute cost. So if you're looking for a compute cost. So if you're looking for a compute cost. So if you're looking for a lightweight embedding model, this could lightweight embedding model, this could lightweight embedding model, this could be an excellent candidate. So here a be an excellent candidate. So here a be an excellent candidate. So here a quick comparison on MTB benchmark. The quick comparison on MTB benchmark. The quick comparison on MTB benchmark. The best embedding model sub 1 billion best embedding model sub 1 billion best embedding model sub 1 billion parameter right now is the quen parameter right now is the quen parameter right now is the quen embedding 600 million parameters. But embedding 600 million parameters. But embedding 600 million parameters. But this is almost half the size and I think this is almost half the size and I think this is almost half the size and I think it still preserves the performance it still preserves the performance it still preserves the performance relative to the other embedding models. relative to the other embedding models. relative to the other embedding models. So this is going to be an excellent So this is going to be an excellent So this is going to be an excellent choice for lightweight retrieval. Of all choice for lightweight retrieval. Of all choice for lightweight retrieval. Of all the Frontier Labs, Google is in a very the Frontier Labs, Google is in a very the Frontier Labs, Google is in a very interesting position right now. So they interesting position right now. So they interesting position right now. So they have openweight models like Gemma 3 or have openweight models like Gemma 3 or have openweight models like Gemma 3 or more lightweight Gemma 3N for developers more lightweight Gemma 3N for developers more lightweight Gemma 3N for developers who are interested in openw weight who are interested in openw weight who are interested in openw weight models. On the other hand, if you're models. On the other hand, if you're models. On the other hand, if you're trying to use Frontier models, then you trying to use Frontier models, then you trying to use Frontier models, then you have Gemini 2.5 Pro and even for have Gemini 2.5 Pro and even for have Gemini 2.5 Pro and even for embeddings, embeddings, embeddings, you have the state-of-the-art Gemini you have the state-of-the-art Gemini you have the state-of-the-art Gemini embeddings, which are multimodal in embeddings, which are multimodal in embeddings, which are multimodal in nature. So, they really are trying to nature. So, they really are trying to nature. So, they really are trying to meet developers where they are. So, I'm meet developers where they are. So, I'm meet developers where they are. So, I'm going to show you some quick code going to show you some quick code going to show you some quick code examples, but before that, I want to examples, but before that, I want to examples, but before that, I want to highlight a very interesting research highlight a very interesting research highlight a very interesting research out of the Deepmind team. So I'll out of the Deepmind team. So I'll out of the Deepmind team. So I'll probably create another detailed video probably create another detailed video probably create another detailed video on this but there was an interesting on this but there was an interesting on this but there was an interesting paper on the theoretical limits of paper on the theoretical limits of paper on the theoretical limits of embedding based retrieval which shows embedding based retrieval which shows embedding based retrieval which shows that dense embedding based retrieval in that dense embedding based retrieval in that dense embedding based retrieval in rag systems have their inherent flaws rag systems have their inherent flaws rag systems have their inherent flaws and they have theoretical limits when it and they have theoretical limits when it and they have theoretical limits when it comes to retrieving correct documents. comes to retrieving correct documents. comes to retrieving correct documents. So irrespective of the size of the So irrespective of the size of the So irrespective of the size of the embedding model and the power of the embedding model and the power of the embedding model and the power of the embedding model that you're using there embedding model that you're using there embedding model that you're using there are theoretical limits when it comes to are theoretical limits when it comes to are theoretical limits when it comes to retrieval which means we might be retrieval which means we might be retrieval which means we might be leaving a lot on the table if just leaving a lot on the table if just leaving a lot on the table if just relying on dense embedding models. Now relying on dense embedding models. Now relying on dense embedding models. Now the embedding Gemma are also dense the embedding Gemma are also dense the embedding Gemma are also dense embedding models so they will also embedding models so they will also embedding models so they will also suffer from that theoretical limit. In suffer from that theoretical limit. In suffer from that theoretical limit. In the rest of the video, I'll show you an the rest of the video, I'll show you an the rest of the video, I'll show you an example of how to use this in a example of how to use this in a example of how to use this in a retrieval augmented generation system. retrieval augmented generation system. retrieval augmented generation system. But first, I want to show you how to But first, I want to show you how to But first, I want to show you how to effectively use them since they support effectively use them since they support effectively use them since they support retrieval classification and topic retrieval classification and topic retrieval classification and topic modeling like tasks. But before that modeling like tasks. But before that modeling like tasks. But before that supports multiple different dimensions supports multiple different dimensions supports multiple different dimensions and the accuracy of retrieval is going and the accuracy of retrieval is going and the accuracy of retrieval is going to be dependent on the length of the to be dependent on the length of the to be dependent on the length of the output vector. On average, you can output vector. On average, you can output vector. On average, you can expect about 3% drop from the highest expect about 3% drop from the highest expect about 3% drop from the highest dimension to the lowest dimensions. For dimension to the lowest dimensions. For dimension to the lowest dimensions. For code related tasks, it's I think a lot code related tasks, it's I think a lot code related tasks, it's I think a lot more significant. We are seeing about 6% more significant. We are seeing about 6% more significant. We are seeing about 6% drop. Also you can run these in drop. Also you can run these in drop. Also you can run these in different precisions because they have different precisions because they have different precisions because they have quantization availing quantization availing quantization availing but the effect of quantization is not as but the effect of quantization is not as but the effect of quantization is not as pronounced as the dimensions or the pronounced as the dimensions or the pronounced as the dimensions or the output size. Next based on the task that output size. Next based on the task that output size. Next based on the task that you're performing you will have to set you're performing you will have to set you're performing you will have to set your prompt instructions in a different your prompt instructions in a different your prompt instructions in a different way. The form that it follows is nature way. The form that it follows is nature way. The form that it follows is nature of the task. So that is whether of the task. So that is whether of the task. So that is whether retrieval, classification, question, retrieval, classification, question, retrieval, classification, question, answer and then the query or the answer and then the query or the answer and then the query or the document that is going to be provided by document that is going to be provided by document that is going to be provided by the user. So for example, if you're the user. So for example, if you're the user. So for example, if you're doing a retrieval and you are providing doing a retrieval and you are providing doing a retrieval and you are providing the user query, then the task is going the user query, then the task is going the user query, then the task is going to be search result and the query to be search result and the query to be search result and the query content. If you are embedding the content. If you are embedding the content. If you are embedding the documents, then you're going to have documents, then you're going to have documents, then you're going to have title of the document. It can be set to title of the document. It can be set to title of the document. It can be set to none and then the actual text. So this none and then the actual text. So this none and then the actual text. So this metadata helps the embedding model do metadata helps the embedding model do metadata helps the embedding model do better retrieval. Then you also have better retrieval. Then you also have better retrieval. Then you also have support for question answering. In this support for question answering. In this support for question answering. In this case the task is question answering and case the task is question answering and case the task is question answering and the query is going to be the user query. the query is going to be the user query. the query is going to be the user query. Also they support factchecking, Also they support factchecking, Also they support factchecking, classification, classification, classification, topic modeling or clustering center topic modeling or clustering center topic modeling or clustering center similarity and code retrieval. So these similarity and code retrieval. So these similarity and code retrieval. So these are different distinct tasks for which are different distinct tasks for which are different distinct tasks for which you can use this embedding model. Okay, you can use this embedding model. Okay, you can use this embedding model. Okay, so this is a quick notebook provided by so this is a quick notebook provided by so this is a quick notebook provided by the Gemma team for setting up rag or the Gemma team for setting up rag or the Gemma team for setting up rag or retrieval augmented generation. So in retrieval augmented generation. So in retrieval augmented generation. So in this case they're using the transformer this case they're using the transformer this case they're using the transformer package. So we set up our pipeline. The package. So we set up our pipeline. The package. So we set up our pipeline. The model that is being used for text model that is being used for text model that is being used for text generation in rag is Gemma 3 4bit the generation in rag is Gemma 3 4bit the generation in rag is Gemma 3 4bit the instruct fine-tune version. Then for instruct fine-tune version. Then for instruct fine-tune version. Then for embedding we're using the embedding embedding we're using the embedding embedding we're using the embedding gemma 300 million parameters. And if you gemma 300 million parameters. And if you gemma 300 million parameters. And if you look at the architecture so the maximum look at the architecture so the maximum look at the architecture so the maximum sequence length that you can feed into sequence length that you can feed into sequence length that you can feed into the model is48 the model is48 the model is48 tokens. That means your chunk size can tokens. That means your chunk size can tokens. That means your chunk size can be this large. The output dimension by be this large. The output dimension by be this large. The output dimension by default is 768 but you can truncate it default is 768 but you can truncate it default is 768 but you can truncate it to different sizes based on your needs to different sizes based on your needs to different sizes based on your needs as I showed you before. Now if you're as I showed you before. Now if you're as I showed you before. Now if you're using the transformer package then the using the transformer package then the using the transformer package then the nature of the task definition is going nature of the task definition is going nature of the task definition is going to be a little different. So you're to be a little different. So you're to be a little different. So you're going to provide either your document or going to provide either your document or going to provide either your document or your query. Then the prompt instruction your query. Then the prompt instruction your query. Then the prompt instruction is going to be prompt name and then the is going to be prompt name and then the is going to be prompt name and then the nature of the task. So in this case we nature of the task. So in this case we nature of the task. So in this case we are embedding the user query and the are embedding the user query and the are embedding the user query and the nature of the task is going to be nature of the task is going to be nature of the task is going to be retrieval query. If you are embedding retrieval query. If you are embedding retrieval query. If you are embedding documents then you just need to set them documents then you just need to set them documents then you just need to set them up like this. up like this. up like this. So it's going to be the title of the So it's going to be the title of the So it's going to be the title of the document and then the actual text. And document and then the actual text. And document and then the actual text. And if you don't have a title of the if you don't have a title of the if you don't have a title of the document, then you set the title to none document, then you set the title to none document, then you set the title to none and just provide the actual text. So and just provide the actual text. So and just provide the actual text. So this is how you do document embedding. this is how you do document embedding. this is how you do document embedding. And the first part was related to query And the first part was related to query And the first part was related to query embedding. And here are again a list of embedding. And here are again a list of embedding. And here are again a list of different available tasks. So in fact different available tasks. So in fact different available tasks. So in fact actually you can do a lot more. You can actually you can do a lot more. You can actually you can do a lot more. You can use the same model for reranking use the same model for reranking use the same model for reranking summarization as well. multilel summarization as well. multilel summarization as well. multilel classification, instruction retrieval, classification, instruction retrieval, classification, instruction retrieval, classification, clustering and I think classification, clustering and I think classification, clustering and I think there are some other options as well. there are some other options as well. there are some other options as well. Okay, so for this simple rack setup, our Okay, so for this simple rack setup, our Okay, so for this simple rack setup, our corpus consists of HR and leave corpus consists of HR and leave corpus consists of HR and leave policies. There are different document policies. There are different document policies. There are different document categories for each one of them. You categories for each one of them. You categories for each one of them. You have the document title, the actual have the document title, the actual have the document title, the actual contents. So this is just a dictionary contents. So this is just a dictionary contents. So this is just a dictionary of different policy documents. The user of different policy documents. The user of different policy documents. The user query is how do I reset my password? We query is how do I reset my password? We query is how do I reset my password? We set the similarity threshold and then set the similarity threshold and then set the similarity threshold and then there are a couple of helpful functions there are a couple of helpful functions there are a couple of helpful functions to calculate the best match. So to calculate the best match. So to calculate the best match. So basically it computes the similarity basically it computes the similarity basically it computes the similarity across all the documents and then picks across all the documents and then picks across all the documents and then picks the document with the best similarity. the document with the best similarity. the document with the best similarity. And first we're looking at the category And first we're looking at the category And first we're looking at the category of documents. So we have the HR and of documents. So we have the HR and of documents. So we have the HR and leave policies, IT and security, finance leave policies, IT and security, finance leave policies, IT and security, finance and expenses, office and facilities. And and expenses, office and facilities. And and expenses, office and facilities. And then within those we are looking at the then within those we are looking at the then within those we are looking at the best document. So this is basically the best document. So this is basically the best document. So this is basically the retrieval part for generation. We need retrieval part for generation. We need retrieval part for generation. We need the Gemma 3N model. So here is a simple the Gemma 3N model. So here is a simple the Gemma 3N model. So here is a simple prompt template which tells the model to prompt template which tells the model to prompt template which tells the model to answer the question based on the answer the question based on the answer the question based on the provided context. The context is going provided context. The context is going provided context. The context is going to be the retrieve documents and the to be the retrieve documents and the to be the retrieve documents and the question is going to be coming from the question is going to be coming from the question is going to be coming from the user query. Again we're using user query. Again we're using user query. Again we're using transformance package here. So when the transformance package here. So when the transformance package here. So when the user query is how do I reset my user query is how do I reset my user query is how do I reset my password? It looked at the document password? It looked at the document password? It looked at the document category. It found account password category. It found account password category. It found account password management to be the best category and management to be the best category and management to be the best category and then it did the retrieval for that then it did the retrieval for that then it did the retrieval for that specific question. You can also specific question. You can also specific question. You can also fine-tune this model for your specific fine-tune this model for your specific fine-tune this model for your specific task. You need to curate a data set. The task. You need to curate a data set. The task. You need to curate a data set. The data set is supposed to have triplets. data set is supposed to have triplets. data set is supposed to have triplets. In this case, each example is going to In this case, each example is going to In this case, each example is going to contain three different samples. Two of contain three different samples. Two of contain three different samples. Two of them are going to be relevant and one of them are going to be relevant and one of them are going to be relevant and one of them is completely irrelevant. them is completely irrelevant. them is completely irrelevant. So the examples are going to be your So the examples are going to be your So the examples are going to be your anchor positive example and negative anchor positive example and negative anchor positive example and negative example. Then you select the loss that example. Then you select the loss that example. Then you select the loss that you want to use for training. Here you want to use for training. Here you want to use for training. Here they're using the sentence transformer they're using the sentence transformer they're using the sentence transformer training package. You're going to training package. You're going to training package. You're going to provide the output directory where you provide the output directory where you provide the output directory where you want to place your model, number of epex want to place your model, number of epex want to place your model, number of epex and batch size along with the learning and batch size along with the learning and batch size along with the learning rate. Right? So the rest of the training rate. Right? So the rest of the training rate. Right? So the rest of the training is very similar to how you would train a is very similar to how you would train a is very similar to how you would train a neural network. Now here are just a neural network. Now here are just a neural network. Now here are just a quick examples of before fine-tuning quick examples of before fine-tuning quick examples of before fine-tuning what the similarity score could what the similarity score could what the similarity score could potentially look like if you do search potentially look like if you do search potentially look like if you do search on the same corpus versus when you have on the same corpus versus when you have on the same corpus versus when you have fine-tuned the model. So let me know if fine-tuned the model. So let me know if fine-tuned the model. So let me know if you are interested in more detailed you are interested in more detailed you are interested in more detailed tutorial on how to fine-tune embedding tutorial on how to fine-tune embedding tutorial on how to fine-tune embedding models. But overall, I think this is an models. But overall, I think this is an models. But overall, I think this is an excellent embedding model for excellent embedding model for excellent embedding model for lightweight retrieval when you have a lightweight retrieval when you have a lightweight retrieval when you have a relatively small number of documents and relatively small number of documents and relatively small number of documents and you want quick retrieval. Do check it you want quick retrieval. Do check it you want quick retrieval. Do check it out. Let me know how your experience is out. Let me know how your experience is out. Let me know how your experience is and also let me know if you are and also let me know if you are and also let me know if you are interested in a fine-tuning of embedding interested in a fine-tuning of embedding interested in a fine-tuning of embedding models. Anyways, I hope you found this models. Anyways, I hope you found this models. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as video useful. Thanks for watching and as video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
