Title: GitHub Spec Kit： Can It FINALLY Fix “Vibe Coding”？
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Let's talk about one of the biggest Let's talk about one of the biggest Let's talk about one of the biggest problem with wipe coding today that in problem with wipe coding today that in problem with wipe coding today that in my opinion is lack of specifications not my opinion is lack of specifications not my opinion is lack of specifications not the ability of coding agents that we the ability of coding agents that we the ability of coding agents that we have today. I think they're pretty have today. I think they're pretty have today. I think they're pretty decent. You see when you provide a very decent. You see when you provide a very decent. You see when you provide a very simple text prompt to your coding agent simple text prompt to your coding agent simple text prompt to your coding agent whether it's cursor codec cli code whether it's cursor codec cli code whether it's cursor codec cli code gemini cla they have to make a lot of gemini cla they have to make a lot of gemini cla they have to make a lot of assumption on your behalf which leads to assumption on your behalf which leads to assumption on your behalf which leads to errors. Instead, you want to have a very errors. Instead, you want to have a very errors. Instead, you want to have a very clear description of the features that clear description of the features that clear description of the features that you want to implement along with a you want to implement along with a you want to implement along with a highly detailed technical plan that will highly detailed technical plan that will highly detailed technical plan that will also include the text stack that you also include the text stack that you also include the text stack that you want to use, different features that you want to use, different features that you want to use, different features that you want to have, essentially a product want to have, essentially a product want to have, essentially a product requirements document. And then you want requirements document. And then you want requirements document. And then you want to divide that into manageable tasks to divide that into manageable tasks to divide that into manageable tasks that the coding agent can either do in that the coding agent can either do in that the coding agent can either do in parallel or do them sequentially. So parallel or do them sequentially. So parallel or do them sequentially. So this brings us to specsdriven this brings us to specsdriven this brings us to specsdriven development. Now we have seen quite a development. Now we have seen quite a development. Now we have seen quite a few different implementations. So for few different implementations. So for few different implementations. So for example, Kirro from AWS is a good example, Kirro from AWS is a good example, Kirro from AWS is a good example of this. The problem with Kiru example of this. The problem with Kiru example of this. The problem with Kiru is that it can be extremely expensive. is that it can be extremely expensive. is that it can be extremely expensive. But now GitHub came up with their own But now GitHub came up with their own But now GitHub came up with their own spec kit. The beauty of this is that you spec kit. The beauty of this is that you spec kit. The beauty of this is that you can use it with your existing coding can use it with your existing coding can use it with your existing coding agents. In this video, we're going to agents. In this video, we're going to agents. In this video, we're going to look at how to set it up, what are the look at how to set it up, what are the look at how to set it up, what are the different capabilities, and also we're different capabilities, and also we're different capabilities, and also we're going to talk about when not to use going to talk about when not to use going to talk about when not to use this. So let's get started. Okay. So, in this. So let's get started. Okay. So, in this. So let's get started. Okay. So, in order to use this specification kit, we order to use this specification kit, we order to use this specification kit, we need to follow a fourstep process. In need to follow a fourstep process. In need to follow a fourstep process. In the first step, we're going to specify the first step, we're going to specify the first step, we're going to specify what exactly we want to build. So, this what exactly we want to build. So, this what exactly we want to build. So, this is going to be a simple text is going to be a simple text is going to be a simple text description. Here, the focus is going to description. Here, the focus is going to description. Here, the focus is going to be what and why, not on the text tag be what and why, not on the text tag be what and why, not on the text tag that you want to use. Next, we have the that you want to use. Next, we have the that you want to use. Next, we have the uh slash plan. In this step, we are uh slash plan. In this step, we are uh slash plan. In this step, we are going to define all the technical going to define all the technical going to define all the technical details. What the architecture is going details. What the architecture is going details. What the architecture is going to look like and what are the text stack to look like and what are the text stack to look like and what are the text stack that we want to use. And don't worry, that we want to use. And don't worry, that we want to use. And don't worry, the agent is going to actually help you the agent is going to actually help you the agent is going to actually help you refine this. The third one is to create refine this. The third one is to create refine this. The third one is to create individual manageable and actionable individual manageable and actionable individual manageable and actionable tasks that the agent can perform. So tasks that the agent can perform. So tasks that the agent can perform. So these are going to be the task or these are going to be the task or these are going to be the task or feature implementation that the agent feature implementation that the agent feature implementation that the agent can either implement in parallel or can either implement in parallel or can either implement in parallel or sequentially. And the last step is to sequentially. And the last step is to sequentially. And the last step is to use testdriven development for actual use testdriven development for actual use testdriven development for actual implementation. implementation. implementation. So all of these steps are going to be So all of these steps are going to be So all of these steps are going to be performed as custom/comands performed as custom/comands performed as custom/comands which this frameworks implements for which this frameworks implements for which this frameworks implements for you. Now the beauty of this framework is you. Now the beauty of this framework is you. Now the beauty of this framework is that you don't need to install anything that you don't need to install anything that you don't need to install anything at all. All you need to do is just copy at all. All you need to do is just copy at all. All you need to do is just copy this command, run it in the IDE or this command, run it in the IDE or this command, run it in the IDE or coding agent of your choice and this is coding agent of your choice and this is coding agent of your choice and this is going to download the template for you. going to download the template for you. going to download the template for you. So let me walk you through how this So let me walk you through how this So let me walk you through how this looks like. So we're going to copy this. looks like. So we're going to copy this. looks like. So we're going to copy this. Okay. So we're going to just paste that Okay. So we're going to just paste that Okay. So we're going to just paste that command in here. We need to change the command in here. We need to change the command in here. We need to change the project name. So I'm going to call it project name. So I'm going to call it project name. So I'm going to call it image nano banana. Now when you run this image nano banana. Now when you run this image nano banana. Now when you run this command, you're going to see the command, you're going to see the command, you're going to see the interface. Now you need to select your interface. Now you need to select your interface. Now you need to select your coding agent. I'm using clot code. So coding agent. I'm using clot code. So coding agent. I'm using clot code. So we're going to select that. So it's we're going to select that. So it's we're going to select that. So it's going to download project files specific going to download project files specific going to download project files specific to clot code. So in here if you see it to clot code. So in here if you see it to clot code. So in here if you see it created another folder. So we have dot created another folder. So we have dot created another folder. So we have dot cloud folder where you have plan specify cloud folder where you have plan specify cloud folder where you have plan specify and tasks. These are the custom/comands and tasks. These are the custom/comands and tasks. These are the custom/comands that are going to be implemented for that are going to be implemented for that are going to be implemented for you. We also have memory which is used you. We also have memory which is used you. We also have memory which is used by the agent for context management and by the agent for context management and by the agent for context management and then scripts that are going to be run by then scripts that are going to be run by then scripts that are going to be run by the agent at every step. And then we the agent at every step. And then we the agent at every step. And then we have templates for the agent to use for have templates for the agent to use for have templates for the agent to use for planning specification and the task that planning specification and the task that planning specification and the task that is going to create. Now let me show you is going to create. Now let me show you is going to create. Now let me show you one quick thing. So if I go back to my one quick thing. So if I go back to my one quick thing. So if I go back to my terminal and if I type ls it actually terminal and if I type ls it actually terminal and if I type ls it actually has that folder in here. So if I trigger has that folder in here. So if I trigger has that folder in here. So if I trigger claude now if I type / plan we don't see claude now if I type / plan we don't see claude now if I type / plan we don't see that command because we are in the root that command because we are in the root that command because we are in the root folder right now. So for this we need to folder right now. So for this we need to folder right now. So for this we need to exit. So let me go back to that folder. exit. So let me go back to that folder. exit. So let me go back to that folder. And now if I trigger cloud again we And now if I trigger cloud again we And now if I trigger cloud again we should be able to see that slash plan should be able to see that slash plan should be able to see that slash plan command. So the first thing that you command. So the first thing that you command. So the first thing that you want to do is to use /sp specify want to do is to use /sp specify want to do is to use /sp specify command. Here you're going to specify command. Here you're going to specify command. Here you're going to specify what feature you want to implement. From what feature you want to implement. From what feature you want to implement. From what I have seen, it works with a what I have seen, it works with a what I have seen, it works with a completely new project. I haven't really completely new project. I haven't really completely new project. I haven't really figured out a way to implement a feature figured out a way to implement a feature figured out a way to implement a feature in existing codebase. They seems to have in existing codebase. They seems to have in existing codebase. They seems to have the capability, but I haven't seen an the capability, but I haven't seen an the capability, but I haven't seen an easy way to do it. Okay. So I'll show easy way to do it. Okay. So I'll show easy way to do it. Okay. So I'll show you an example project that I was trying you an example project that I was trying you an example project that I was trying to implement with the spec kit. So here to implement with the spec kit. So here to implement with the spec kit. So here I provided a simple description of a I provided a simple description of a I provided a simple description of a product or project that I want to build. product or project that I want to build. product or project that I want to build. We're going to be using nano banana to We're going to be using nano banana to We're going to be using nano banana to create images of a person in different create images of a person in different create images of a person in different style based on an uploaded image. So I style based on an uploaded image. So I style based on an uploaded image. So I provided this quick description to GPT5 provided this quick description to GPT5 provided this quick description to GPT5 and it came up with a pretty detailed and it came up with a pretty detailed and it came up with a pretty detailed product requirement document. Now we're product requirement document. Now we're product requirement document. Now we're going to use parts of this because in going to use parts of this because in going to use parts of this because in the first part we just want to specify the first part we just want to specify the first part we just want to specify what we want and then architectural and what we want and then architectural and what we want and then architectural and technical details in the planning stage. technical details in the planning stage. technical details in the planning stage. Okay. So I basically copied the first Okay. So I basically copied the first Okay. So I basically copied the first part that was functional and part that was functional and part that was functional and non-functional requirements of what non-functional requirements of what non-functional requirements of what exactly the app is supposed to do. So exactly the app is supposed to do. So exactly the app is supposed to do. So now it's going to create specifications now it's going to create specifications now it's going to create specifications based on our text description. So at based on our text description. So at based on our text description. So at each step it keeps updating the files each step it keeps updating the files each step it keeps updating the files that it's working with. Especially if that it's working with. Especially if that it's working with. Especially if you look at the scripts it's going to you look at the scripts it's going to you look at the scripts it's going to execute different scripts. So while the execute different scripts. So while the execute different scripts. So while the agent is working you can see the updates agent is working you can see the updates agent is working you can see the updates that it's making. So for example right that it's making. So for example right that it's making. So for example right now it's updating this specs file that now it's updating this specs file that now it's updating this specs file that it created for us. So based on our it created for us. So based on our it created for us. So based on our initial requests here are the different initial requests here are the different initial requests here are the different functional requirements that it updated. functional requirements that it updated. functional requirements that it updated. In some cases it may ask you for further In some cases it may ask you for further In some cases it may ask you for further clarifications. So that those are going clarifications. So that those are going clarifications. So that those are going to be tagged as needs clarification. So to be tagged as needs clarification. So to be tagged as needs clarification. So you'll have to provide more details. So you'll have to provide more details. So you'll have to provide more details. So for example, you're going to see for example, you're going to see for example, you're going to see something like this need clarification. something like this need clarification. something like this need clarification. In this case, seems like everything is In this case, seems like everything is In this case, seems like everything is pretty clear to the agent. So it's not pretty clear to the agent. So it's not pretty clear to the agent. So it's not really asking for any clarifications. really asking for any clarifications. really asking for any clarifications. Now during the planning stage, I am Now during the planning stage, I am Now during the planning stage, I am going to use some of the technical going to use some of the technical going to use some of the technical details that I collected. This also details that I collected. This also details that I collected. This also include the API implementation. So I'm include the API implementation. So I'm include the API implementation. So I'm going to ask it to use the prd. going to ask it to use the prd. going to ask it to use the prd. it has information regarding how to call it has information regarding how to call it has information regarding how to call the API if not then it's going to do its the API if not then it's going to do its the API if not then it's going to do its own research in order to implement the own research in order to implement the own research in order to implement the plan so this stage it's going to use plan so this stage it's going to use plan so this stage it's going to use these specifications with the functional these specifications with the functional these specifications with the functional requirements and we'll come up with a requirements and we'll come up with a requirements and we'll come up with a detailed technical implementation plan detailed technical implementation plan detailed technical implementation plan okay so in the rest of the video I'm okay so in the rest of the video I'm okay so in the rest of the video I'm going to show you another project that I going to show you another project that I going to show you another project that I have been working on because this takes have been working on because this takes have been working on because this takes forever so for example here's this a forever so for example here's this a forever so for example here's this a very similar design first during the very similar design first during the very similar design first during the planning phase it does research. So it's planning phase it does research. So it's planning phase it does research. So it's going to use its web search capabilities going to use its web search capabilities going to use its web search capabilities to collect information regarding the to collect information regarding the to collect information regarding the implementation. Then it comes up with a implementation. Then it comes up with a implementation. Then it comes up with a design where it's going to update design where it's going to update design where it's going to update multiple markdown files which basically multiple markdown files which basically multiple markdown files which basically really documents everything that it's really documents everything that it's really documents everything that it's going to do. Based on the design, it going to do. Based on the design, it going to do. Based on the design, it came up with about 45 different tasks came up with about 45 different tasks came up with about 45 different tasks that it was supposed to do. After that, that it was supposed to do. After that, that it was supposed to do. After that, I used the /task command. The slash task I used the /task command. The slash task I used the /task command. The slash task command is going to pick one or more command is going to pick one or more command is going to pick one or more tasks at a time. If you use sub aents tasks at a time. If you use sub aents tasks at a time. If you use sub aents and there are independent tasks, you can and there are independent tasks, you can and there are independent tasks, you can run them in parallel. But in my case, I run them in parallel. But in my case, I run them in parallel. But in my case, I had to run them sequentially. Now, every had to run them sequentially. Now, every had to run them sequentially. Now, every task is marked as 001 and then 2 3 and task is marked as 001 and then 2 3 and task is marked as 001 and then 2 3 and so on and so forth. So, depending on the so on and so forth. So, depending on the so on and so forth. So, depending on the complexity of the task, it can take a complexity of the task, it can take a complexity of the task, it can take a while. Okay. So finally we ended up with while. Okay. So finally we ended up with while. Okay. So finally we ended up with 59 different tasks which is a lot for an 59 different tasks which is a lot for an 59 different tasks which is a lot for an application like this. So four of them application like this. So four of them application like this. So four of them were related to setup then testing were related to setup then testing were related to setup then testing integration testing. You are going to integration testing. You are going to integration testing. You are going to see that it really focuses on testdriven see that it really focuses on testdriven see that it really focuses on testdriven development which is pretty great development which is pretty great development which is pretty great because it makes sure that everything because it makes sure that everything because it makes sure that everything actually works. However it can be very actually works. However it can be very actually works. However it can be very slow in implementation as well. So for slow in implementation as well. So for slow in implementation as well. So for example, here is a set of tasks that example, here is a set of tasks that example, here is a set of tasks that took about an hour and 18 minutes. Then took about an hour and 18 minutes. Then took about an hour and 18 minutes. Then there was another one which took 5 there was another one which took 5 there was another one which took 5 minutes. I think in total it went well minutes. I think in total it went well minutes. I think in total it went well over 2 hours. So for some simpler over 2 hours. So for some simpler over 2 hours. So for some simpler projects, this might be way too much projects, this might be way too much projects, this might be way too much time rather than just using clot code to time rather than just using clot code to time rather than just using clot code to directly implement it. However, for more directly implement it. However, for more directly implement it. However, for more complex projects, I think this is going complex projects, I think this is going complex projects, I think this is going to be extremely helpful. Now the great to be extremely helpful. Now the great to be extremely helpful. Now the great thing is that the agent is very thing is that the agent is very thing is that the agent is very thorough. So for example, here is an thorough. So for example, here is an thorough. So for example, here is an example of the data model that it came example of the data model that it came example of the data model that it came up with and I think if you're just up with and I think if you're just up with and I think if you're just starting with coding. So by reading how starting with coding. So by reading how starting with coding. So by reading how it designs and define the specs, the it designs and define the specs, the it designs and define the specs, the plan as well as the implementation plan as well as the implementation plan as well as the implementation tasks, you can learn a lot from this. tasks, you can learn a lot from this. tasks, you can learn a lot from this. And what I liked was that during the And what I liked was that during the And what I liked was that during the whole design and implementation process, whole design and implementation process, whole design and implementation process, it kept updating cloud.md it kept updating cloud.md it kept updating cloud.md the way a normal human programmer would the way a normal human programmer would the way a normal human programmer would do. So that is pretty neat that it has do. So that is pretty neat that it has do. So that is pretty neat that it has support for these different coding support for these different coding support for these different coding agents. Now that being said, it's not a agents. Now that being said, it's not a agents. Now that being said, it's not a fully polished product yet because this fully polished product yet because this fully polished product yet because this is the first iteration. So if you're is the first iteration. So if you're is the first iteration. So if you're already coding with something like cloud already coding with something like cloud already coding with something like cloud code or Gemini CLI or GitHub copilot, I code or Gemini CLI or GitHub copilot, I code or Gemini CLI or GitHub copilot, I think it's definitely worth checking think it's definitely worth checking think it's definitely worth checking out. But keep in mind that it is going out. But keep in mind that it is going out. But keep in mind that it is going to add this additional time for to add this additional time for to add this additional time for implementation of very simple projects implementation of very simple projects implementation of very simple projects as well. It's still running. It's been a as well. It's still running. It's been a as well. It's still running. It's been a couple of hours still. I haven't couple of hours still. I haven't couple of hours still. I haven't finished implementation, but I'm going finished implementation, but I'm going finished implementation, but I'm going to stop the recording here. Do check it to stop the recording here. Do check it to stop the recording here. Do check it out and let me know how your experience out and let me know how your experience out and let me know how your experience with this new specdriven development with this new specdriven development with this new specdriven development toolkit is and what do you think are the toolkit is and what do you think are the toolkit is and what do you think are the strengths and weaknesses. Anyways, I strengths and weaknesses. Anyways, I strengths and weaknesses. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks hope you found this video useful. Thanks hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in for watching and as always, see you in for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
