Title: How I reduced 90% errors for my Cursor (+ any other AI IDE)
Channel: AI Jason
======================================================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] If you haven't been vi coding enough, If you haven't been vi coding enough, If you haven't been vi coding enough, you must have experienced problem where you must have experienced problem where you must have experienced problem where you ask cursor to implement a small you ask cursor to implement a small you ask cursor to implement a small change but just map up your whole change but just map up your whole change but just map up your whole project or cursor is not aware of all project or cursor is not aware of all project or cursor is not aware of all the dependencies in your codebase and the dependencies in your codebase and the dependencies in your codebase and implement something that leads to loads implement something that leads to loads implement something that leads to loads of errors. This is a very common issue of errors. This is a very common issue of errors. This is a very common issue of AI coding agent in general no matter of AI coding agent in general no matter of AI coding agent in general no matter which platform you're using. But there's which platform you're using. But there's which platform you're using. But there's one technique that show promising one technique that show promising one technique that show promising improvements that will make your cursor improvements that will make your cursor improvements that will make your cursor make way less errors, which is giving make way less errors, which is giving make way less errors, which is giving your AI coding agent a task management your AI coding agent a task management your AI coding agent a task management system. It helps it to understand system. It helps it to understand system. It helps it to understand overall implementation plan and also overall implementation plan and also overall implementation plan and also control the amount of context goes into control the amount of context goes into control the amount of context goes into each step when it is implementing each step when it is implementing each step when it is implementing specific tasks. I was able to build a specific tasks. I was able to build a specific tasks. I was able to build a fully functional multiplayer online fully functional multiplayer online fully functional multiplayer online drawing game where both players can draw drawing game where both players can draw drawing game where both players can draw image of given work and we send the image of given work and we send the image of given work and we send the result to GBD4 where it look at image result to GBD4 where it look at image result to GBD4 where it look at image and give evaluation and pick up the and give evaluation and pick up the and give evaluation and pick up the winner. And this whole game is actually winner. And this whole game is actually winner. And this whole game is actually imprinted by cursor with just one shot imprinted by cursor with just one shot imprinted by cursor with just one shot without much arrow which is absolutely without much arrow which is absolutely without much arrow which is absolutely insane. That's why today I want to show insane. That's why today I want to show insane. That's why today I want to show you what my workflow is and how can you you what my workflow is and how can you you what my workflow is and how can you adopt it for your own project. And adopt it for your own project. And adopt it for your own project. And before you use any of those tools I just before you use any of those tools I just before you use any of those tools I just introduced people has been hacking introduced people has been hacking introduced people has been hacking together task management workflow to together task management workflow to together task management workflow to improve performance for a while. At its improve performance for a while. At its improve performance for a while. At its core it basically means you ask cursor core it basically means you ask cursor core it basically means you ask cursor to break down your complex PRD into to break down your complex PRD into to break down your complex PRD into small tasks and have a document where small tasks and have a document where small tasks and have a document where cursor can have access to to track and cursor can have access to to track and cursor can have access to to track and maintain what tasks are coming and what maintain what tasks are coming and what maintain what tasks are coming and what tasks already been done. And this is a tasks already been done. And this is a tasks already been done. And this is a quick example from Elle. The most basic quick example from Elle. The most basic quick example from Elle. The most basic implementation is in your cursor project implementation is in your cursor project implementation is in your cursor project you will create a cursor rule and it you will create a cursor rule and it you will create a cursor rule and it looks something like this. Basically looks something like this. Basically looks something like this. Basically rule where you tell cursor to always rule where you tell cursor to always rule where you tell cursor to always refer to task.md to keep track about refer to task.md to keep track about refer to task.md to keep track about what task they already been done and what task they already been done and what task they already been done and what task haven't. And with this one we what task haven't. And with this one we what task haven't. And with this one we can just create a task.md file and give can just create a task.md file and give can just create a task.md file and give a prompt I want to build a x app help me a prompt I want to build a x app help me a prompt I want to build a x app help me breaking down into small task of our breaking down into small task of our breaking down into small task of our core me feature and add to task.md. So core me feature and add to task.md. So core me feature and add to task.md. So cursor will create a list of task here cursor will create a list of task here cursor will create a list of task here and after cursor finish every single and after cursor finish every single and after cursor finish every single task it will just come back and mar task it will just come back and mar task it will just come back and mar those task as completed. So it has a those task as completed. So it has a those task as completed. So it has a context of overall implementation plan. context of overall implementation plan. context of overall implementation plan. With this method it already help a ton With this method it already help a ton With this method it already help a ton for executing complex task with cursor. for executing complex task with cursor. for executing complex task with cursor. But tools like cloud taskmaster and But tools like cloud taskmaster and But tools like cloud taskmaster and boomeran task from ruk code bring even boomeran task from ruk code bring even boomeran task from ruk code bring even more sophisticated task management more sophisticated task management more sophisticated task management behavior into the AI coding agents. For behavior into the AI coding agents. For behavior into the AI coding agents. For example, for task master AI, it is a example, for task master AI, it is a example, for task master AI, it is a command line package that you can run in command line package that you can run in command line package that you can run in cursor windsurf data where it utilize cursor windsurf data where it utilize cursor windsurf data where it utilize cloud 3.7 or more advanced model to look cloud 3.7 or more advanced model to look cloud 3.7 or more advanced model to look at PRD you have and break that down into at PRD you have and break that down into at PRD you have and break that down into small subtasks by running a simple small subtasks by running a simple small subtasks by running a simple command line like taskmaster parse PRD. command line like taskmaster parse PRD. command line like taskmaster parse PRD. And what's really amazing about it is And what's really amazing about it is And what's really amazing about it is that it will breaking down tasks in that it will breaking down tasks in that it will breaking down tasks in logical order consider all the logical order consider all the logical order consider all the dependencies between different tasks. So dependencies between different tasks. So dependencies between different tasks. So you won't have situation where cursor you won't have situation where cursor you won't have situation where cursor implements something but require other implements something but require other implements something but require other dependencies that hasn't been dependencies that hasn't been dependencies that hasn't been implemented yet. It also has useful implemented yet. It also has useful implemented yet. It also has useful command line like analyze complexities command line like analyze complexities command line like analyze complexities to use perplexity and cloud to analyze to use perplexity and cloud to analyze to use perplexity and cloud to analyze how complicated each task is and if how complicated each task is and if how complicated each task is and if certain task complexity score is very certain task complexity score is very certain task complexity score is very high it will allow you to expand on high it will allow you to expand on high it will allow you to expand on those task further and by breaking down those task further and by breaking down those task further and by breaking down those complex tasks into even smaller those complex tasks into even smaller those complex tasks into even smaller bits. The success rate of it delivering bits. The success rate of it delivering bits. The success rate of it delivering a functional application just increase a functional application just increase a functional application just increase dramatically. And Roco's boomeran task dramatically. And Roco's boomeran task dramatically. And Roco's boomeran task also something similar. It gives AI also something similar. It gives AI also something similar. It gives AI agents tools like new tasks to breaking agents tools like new tasks to breaking agents tools like new tasks to breaking down a complex project into small bits down a complex project into small bits down a complex project into small bits and keep track about progress. Those and keep track about progress. Those and keep track about progress. Those tools have completely changed my tools have completely changed my tools have completely changed my workflow. So I'm going to quickly take workflow. So I'm going to quickly take workflow. So I'm going to quickly take you through what's my new best practice you through what's my new best practice you through what's my new best practice vibe coding workflow with those new vibe coding workflow with those new vibe coding workflow with those new tools. But before we dive into that, I tools. But before we dive into that, I tools. But before we dive into that, I know many of you are trying to build AI know many of you are trying to build AI know many of you are trying to build AI agents for business. But there are many agents for business. But there are many agents for business. But there are many pitfalls I saw people fell into at pitfalls I saw people fell into at pitfalls I saw people fell into at delivering successful production agents. delivering successful production agents. delivering successful production agents. That's why I want to introduce you to That's why I want to introduce you to That's why I want to introduce you to this research HubSpot did where they this research HubSpot did where they this research HubSpot did where they interviewed tons of business and interviewed tons of business and interviewed tons of business and startups who have been launching AI startups who have been launching AI startups who have been launching AI agents for the past 12 months to agents for the past 12 months to agents for the past 12 months to understand which AI agent use case understand which AI agent use case understand which AI agent use case actually drove huge amount of business actually drove huge amount of business actually drove huge amount of business value and ROI versus ones that sounds value and ROI versus ones that sounds value and ROI versus ones that sounds fancy but actually very difficult to fancy but actually very difficult to fancy but actually very difficult to deliver value and which signal customers deliver value and which signal customers deliver value and which signal customers are deploying huge amount of budgets to are deploying huge amount of budgets to are deploying huge amount of budgets to buy AI agent solution. They include lots buy AI agent solution. They include lots buy AI agent solution. They include lots of real world success stories and of real world success stories and of real world success stories and articulate those learnings into articulate those learnings into articulate those learnings into frameworks that you can use to build frameworks that you can use to build frameworks that you can use to build your next agents from which use cases your next agents from which use cases your next agents from which use cases more suitable for chatbot versus actual more suitable for chatbot versus actual more suitable for chatbot versus actual autopilot agents. How do you determine autopilot agents. How do you determine autopilot agents. How do you determine which task is best for AI agents versus which task is best for AI agents versus which task is best for AI agents versus more traditional workflow automation as more traditional workflow automation as more traditional workflow automation as well as list of common pitfalls that well as list of common pitfalls that well as list of common pitfalls that many other people encounter including many other people encounter including many other people encounter including myself when deploying production agents myself when deploying production agents myself when deploying production agents and best practice of how other people and best practice of how other people and best practice of how other people resolve that like what's the best resolve that like what's the best resolve that like what's the best practice for you to build integration practice for you to build integration practice for you to build integration into existing systems. This helped bring into existing systems. This helped bring into existing systems. This helped bring a lot of clarities and many mistakes I a lot of clarities and many mistakes I a lot of clarities and many mistakes I personally experienced. So if you're personally experienced. So if you're personally experienced. So if you're planning to build agents, I highly planning to build agents, I highly planning to build agents, I highly recommend you go and have a read and recommend you go and have a read and recommend you go and have a read and this is totally free. I have put a link this is totally free. I have put a link this is totally free. I have put a link in the description below for you to in the description below for you to in the description below for you to download. Now let's talk about my new AI download. Now let's talk about my new AI download. Now let's talk about my new AI coding workflow with task management coding workflow with task management coding workflow with task management systems. Firstly, let's talk about ru systems. Firstly, let's talk about ru systems. Firstly, let's talk about ru code's boomer task feature. And if you code's boomer task feature. And if you code's boomer task feature. And if you don't know ru code, ro code you can don't know ru code, ro code you can don't know ru code, ro code you can almost consider as a open-source cursor almost consider as a open-source cursor almost consider as a open-source cursor that live inside visual studio code. It that live inside visual studio code. It that live inside visual studio code. It is totally free to use. All you need to is totally free to use. All you need to is totally free to use. All you need to do is just provide your own entropy key do is just provide your own entropy key do is just provide your own entropy key and then it will just work like any and then it will just work like any and then it will just work like any other AI coding agent that you've been other AI coding agent that you've been other AI coding agent that you've been using. But what's really cool about real using. But what's really cool about real using. But what's really cool about real code is that unlike cursor where you code is that unlike cursor where you code is that unlike cursor where you only have a few predefined agent mode, only have a few predefined agent mode, only have a few predefined agent mode, Ro allow you to create your own modes Ro allow you to create your own modes Ro allow you to create your own modes like at default they will provide coding like at default they will provide coding like at default they will provide coding agent architect agent that will help you agent architect agent that will help you agent architect agent that will help you do the planning debug agent that help do the planning debug agent that help do the planning debug agent that help you figure out where the arrow is. But you figure out where the arrow is. But you figure out where the arrow is. But you can also build custom modes like you can also build custom modes like you can also build custom modes like boomer wrench mode where it will be boomer wrench mode where it will be boomer wrench mode where it will be focusing on planning and breaking down focusing on planning and breaking down focusing on planning and breaking down the plan into smaller manageable pieces. the plan into smaller manageable pieces. the plan into smaller manageable pieces. Think of it like delegating your work to Think of it like delegating your work to Think of it like delegating your work to specialized assistant. Each subtask runs specialized assistant. Each subtask runs specialized assistant. Each subtask runs in its own context. So I can choose a in its own context. So I can choose a in its own context. So I can choose a boomer range mode that I just customized boomer range mode that I just customized boomer range mode that I just customized and then say help me build a to-do app. and then say help me build a to-do app. and then say help me build a to-do app. At top you can see that it will keep At top you can see that it will keep At top you can see that it will keep track about how many token consumption track about how many token consumption track about how many token consumption is as well as total amount of API cost is as well as total amount of API cost is as well as total amount of API cost and it will firstly delegate a planning and it will firstly delegate a planning and it will firstly delegate a planning task to the architect agent and this task to the architect agent and this task to the architect agent and this architect agent will have this system architect agent will have this system architect agent will have this system prompt where it will continuously prompt where it will continuously prompt where it will continuously confirm with me about the requirements confirm with me about the requirements confirm with me about the requirements and then it will start planning out the and then it will start planning out the and then it will start planning out the project breaking down into specific project breaking down into specific project breaking down into specific feature figure out things like user feature figure out things like user feature figure out things like user story key feature components project story key feature components project story key feature components project structure state management and many structure state management and many structure state management and many more. So it has a full understanding more. So it has a full understanding more. So it has a full understanding about all dependencies between different about all dependencies between different about all dependencies between different functions. I can give feedback in the functions. I can give feedback in the functions. I can give feedback in the middle and once the plan is finished and middle and once the plan is finished and middle and once the plan is finished and breaking down to small tasks, it can breaking down to small tasks, it can breaking down to small tasks, it can switch to the code mode to start switch to the code mode to start switch to the code mode to start generating the code and the code agent generating the code and the code agent generating the code and the code agent will start executing different tasks will start executing different tasks will start executing different tasks based on the plan and then complete the based on the plan and then complete the based on the plan and then complete the actual application for me. And you can actual application for me. And you can actual application for me. And you can see the result here is very high quality see the result here is very high quality see the result here is very high quality and it even have functionality built in and it even have functionality built in and it even have functionality built in where the agent will be able to run the where the agent will be able to run the where the agent will be able to run the application in the browser, see the application in the browser, see the application in the browser, see the result to automate testing as well. And result to automate testing as well. And result to automate testing as well. And with this one, the result already feels with this one, the result already feels with this one, the result already feels better than what I got out of box from better than what I got out of box from better than what I got out of box from cursor. But on the other hand, cloud cursor. But on the other hand, cloud cursor. But on the other hand, cloud taskmaster integrate much more deeply taskmaster integrate much more deeply taskmaster integrate much more deeply into cursor and wings surfer. First, into cursor and wings surfer. First, into cursor and wings surfer. First, let's install the taskmaster AI. You can let's install the taskmaster AI. You can let's install the taskmaster AI. You can open terminal in any folder and do npm open terminal in any folder and do npm open terminal in any folder and do npm install-g install-g install-g taskmaster-ai. And once it's finished, taskmaster-ai. And once it's finished, taskmaster-ai. And once it's finished, you can run a few different commands. you can run a few different commands. you can run a few different commands. One will be taskmaster in it. This will One will be taskmaster in it. This will One will be taskmaster in it. This will set up the project inside the folder. set up the project inside the folder. set up the project inside the folder. So, you can just do taskmaster in it So, you can just do taskmaster in it So, you can just do taskmaster in it directly. But I would suggest you set up directly. But I would suggest you set up directly. But I would suggest you set up the project first. Like if you're the project first. Like if you're the project first. Like if you're building a nextjs project with chessen, building a nextjs project with chessen, building a nextjs project with chessen, you can just do this command. And once you can just do this command. And once you can just do this command. And once it's done, we can do cursor my app. it's done, we can do cursor my app. it's done, we can do cursor my app. Inside here, we can do taskmaster in it. Inside here, we can do taskmaster in it. Inside here, we can do taskmaster in it. This will ask for the pent name and I'll This will ask for the pent name and I'll This will ask for the pent name and I'll just call it my app. Description doesn't just call it my app. Description doesn't just call it my app. Description doesn't really matter. You can skip all those really matter. You can skip all those really matter. You can skip all those stuff and then just let it set things stuff and then just let it set things stuff and then just let it set things up. And what will happen now is that on up. And what will happen now is that on up. And what will happen now is that on the left side you firstly see it add a the left side you firstly see it add a the left side you firstly see it add a few cursor rule. Some of them are few cursor rule. Some of them are few cursor rule. Some of them are generic one like this cursor rule generic one like this cursor rule generic one like this cursor rule basically teach cursor how can it add basically teach cursor how can it add basically teach cursor how can it add new cursor rules. So as you go deep into new cursor rules. So as you go deep into new cursor rules. So as you go deep into the implementation you can ask it to the implementation you can ask it to the implementation you can ask it to reflect and creating rules about the reflect and creating rules about the reflect and creating rules about the mistake it make for example and it will mistake it make for example and it will mistake it make for example and it will follow this rules to create the next follow this rules to create the next follow this rules to create the next cursor rules and this self-improve is cursor rules and this self-improve is cursor rules and this self-improve is basically the same thing it kind of try basically the same thing it kind of try basically the same thing it kind of try to get cursor to do this proactively and to get cursor to do this proactively and to get cursor to do this proactively and the step workflow is where it teach the step workflow is where it teach the step workflow is where it teach cursor about all the commands it will cursor about all the commands it will cursor about all the commands it will need to actually check all the task in need to actually check all the task in need to actually check all the task in the backlog and if you're using the backlog and if you're using the backlog and if you're using windserve there will be windserve root windserve there will be windserve root windserve there will be windserve root here as well inside the scripts folder here as well inside the scripts folder here as well inside the scripts folder it provide a structure about what does a it provide a structure about what does a it provide a structure about what does a prd can look like but the most important prd can look like but the most important prd can look like but the most important one is that it will have thisv.exam one is that it will have thisv.exam one is that it will have thisv.exam example file. What you need to do is example file. What you need to do is example file. What you need to do is swap out this entropic key as well as swap out this entropic key as well as swap out this entropic key as well as proplasticity key here. So entropy is a proplasticity key here. So entropy is a proplasticity key here. So entropy is a model that will be used to break down model that will be used to break down model that will be used to break down your PRD into small tasks and they also your PRD into small tasks and they also your PRD into small tasks and they also use perlastity to do some research. So use perlastity to do some research. So use perlastity to do some research. So if part of task is using a new package if part of task is using a new package if part of task is using a new package that just released then it will actually that just released then it will actually that just released then it will actually use perlasty to fetch the latest use perlasty to fetch the latest use perlasty to fetch the latest developer documents and include those developer documents and include those developer documents and include those into the task information. So I into the task information. So I into the task information. So I recommend you add both API key here and recommend you add both API key here and recommend you add both API key here and once you did that we can start creating once you did that we can start creating once you did that we can start creating our PRD. There are many different ways our PRD. There are many different ways our PRD. There are many different ways you can create PRDs. If you're in the AI you can create PRDs. If you're in the AI you can create PRDs. If you're in the AI builder climate building already, you builder climate building already, you builder climate building already, you will have access to tools like tanks will have access to tools like tanks will have access to tools like tanks coder the dev where it will help you coder the dev where it will help you coder the dev where it will help you generate PRD automatically and fill in generate PRD automatically and fill in generate PRD automatically and fill in all the gaps for the features that you all the gaps for the features that you all the gaps for the features that you might not think of. So if you're already might not think of. So if you're already might not think of. So if you're already in the AI build club, you can use this in the AI build club, you can use this in the AI build club, you can use this tool to get the PRD here. But if you tool to get the PRD here. But if you tool to get the PRD here. But if you don't have access, you can also just don't have access, you can also just don't have access, you can also just chat with cursor agent use that to help chat with cursor agent use that to help chat with cursor agent use that to help you generate PRD. For example, I can you generate PRD. For example, I can you generate PRD. For example, I can just say help me build an online game just say help me build an online game just say help me build an online game like Scribble, but instead of a human like Scribble, but instead of a human like Scribble, but instead of a human guess word, it will be large model guess guess word, it will be large model guess guess word, it will be large model guess a word. So each round all users will be a word. So each round all users will be a word. So each round all users will be given a same word and they have 60 given a same word and they have 60 given a same word and they have 60 seconds to draw the image. In the end seconds to draw the image. In the end seconds to draw the image. In the end all images will be sent to open 4 and all images will be sent to open 4 and all images will be sent to open 4 and let it choose which image is closest to let it choose which image is closest to let it choose which image is closest to the word. Now play the role as the the word. Now play the role as the the word. Now play the role as the engineer manager help me think through engineer manager help me think through engineer manager help me think through what are the core features of what are the core features of what are the core features of implementing such game and then it will implementing such game and then it will implementing such game and then it will spit out the core functionalities. spit out the core functionalities. spit out the core functionalities. Obviously I can chat back and forth but Obviously I can chat back and forth but Obviously I can chat back and forth but once I finish I can just say great now once I finish I can just say great now once I finish I can just say great now let's help me build the core MVP let's help me build the core MVP let's help me build the core MVP features requirements into prd.txe using features requirements into prd.txe using features requirements into prd.txe using the example uh prd.txe tx as reference the example uh prd.txe tx as reference the example uh prd.txe tx as reference which is what we have uh showing here which is what we have uh showing here which is what we have uh showing here and then you will see a prd has been and then you will see a prd has been and then you will see a prd has been created with good amount details and I created with good amount details and I created with good amount details and I will accept that. So now since we have will accept that. So now since we have will accept that. So now since we have this prd generated the next step we can this prd generated the next step we can this prd generated the next step we can use this command taskmaster parse drd to use this command taskmaster parse drd to use this command taskmaster parse drd to breaking down this prd into small task breaking down this prd into small task breaking down this prd into small task and this is where the power of and this is where the power of and this is where the power of taskmaster begin. So I will do this taskmaster begin. So I will do this taskmaster begin. So I will do this taskmaster parse prd taskmaster parse prd taskmaster parse prd scripts/prd.txt. Okay, so I had this scripts/prd.txt. Okay, so I had this scripts/prd.txt. Okay, so I had this arrow uh just need making sure you arrow uh just need making sure you arrow uh just need making sure you remove this example and let's do it remove this example and let's do it remove this example and let's do it again. So now it will start creating again. So now it will start creating again. So now it will start creating task files based on this prd and you task files based on this prd and you task files based on this prd and you will see here where we have task folder. will see here where we have task folder. will see here where we have task folder. It has all the tasks that created from It has all the tasks that created from It has all the tasks that created from taskmaster. What we can do is we can do taskmaster. What we can do is we can do taskmaster. What we can do is we can do taskmaster list and this will show you taskmaster list and this will show you taskmaster list and this will show you the list of tasks that it has been the list of tasks that it has been the list of tasks that it has been created. What's really cool about created. What's really cool about created. What's really cool about taskmaster task list is on the right taskmaster task list is on the right taskmaster task list is on the right side you can see here's a dependencies side you can see here's a dependencies side you can see here's a dependencies column. So when breaking down tasks, it column. So when breaking down tasks, it column. So when breaking down tasks, it will actually list out the task in a will actually list out the task in a will actually list out the task in a logical order and making sure there are logical order and making sure there are logical order and making sure there are clear dependencies mapped out. So when clear dependencies mapped out. So when clear dependencies mapped out. So when it implement, it can implement in the it implement, it can implement in the it implement, it can implement in the right order. Meanwhile, there are also right order. Meanwhile, there are also right order. Meanwhile, there are also some pretty useful commands. You have some pretty useful commands. You have some pretty useful commands. You have this command called analyze complexity. this command called analyze complexity. this command called analyze complexity. What this will do is that I can do task What this will do is that I can do task What this will do is that I can do task master and analyze complexity. This was master and analyze complexity. This was master and analyze complexity. This was basically send all the task I created to basically send all the task I created to basically send all the task I created to cloud 3.7 as well as perplexity. cloud 3.7 as well as perplexity. cloud 3.7 as well as perplexity. Basically ask it to just evaluate how Basically ask it to just evaluate how Basically ask it to just evaluate how complicated or how difficult it is to complicated or how difficult it is to complicated or how difficult it is to implement this feature. And once it is implement this feature. And once it is implement this feature. And once it is done, I can do taskmaster complexity done, I can do taskmaster complexity done, I can do taskmaster complexity report. It will show me the evaluation report. It will show me the evaluation report. It will show me the evaluation of each task and its complexity score. of each task and its complexity score. of each task and its complexity score. But what's really useful is for those But what's really useful is for those But what's really useful is for those complex tasks, it also give you the complex tasks, it also give you the complex tasks, it also give you the prompt that you can copy. At the moment, prompt that you can copy. At the moment, prompt that you can copy. At the moment, you can't really copy this directly. If you can't really copy this directly. If you can't really copy this directly. If the UI just break up, but you can just the UI just break up, but you can just the UI just break up, but you can just copy the first one and go to complexity copy the first one and go to complexity copy the first one and go to complexity report and find the specific ID which is report and find the specific ID which is report and find the specific ID which is this one and we can copy the expansion this one and we can copy the expansion this one and we can copy the expansion prompt. So here it generate a prompt prompt. So here it generate a prompt prompt. So here it generate a prompt detailed technical implementation of detailed technical implementation of detailed technical implementation of HTML 5 canva component including drawing HTML 5 canva component including drawing HTML 5 canva component including drawing tools input handling across all devices. tools input handling across all devices. tools input handling across all devices. So I can just do this and now it So I can just do this and now it So I can just do this and now it breaking down that specific task into breaking down that specific task into breaking down that specific task into smaller ones. And as we know once a smaller ones. And as we know once a smaller ones. And as we know once a complex task breaking down to smaller complex task breaking down to smaller complex task breaking down to smaller one it is more likely to succeed without one it is more likely to succeed without one it is more likely to succeed without any error. And you can continue doing any error. And you can continue doing any error. And you can continue doing that um by adding another one for the that um by adding another one for the that um by adding another one for the task number five. So you get the drill. task number five. So you get the drill. task number five. So you get the drill. Um basically you can do this process Um basically you can do this process Um basically you can do this process back and forth for a few times until back and forth for a few times until back and forth for a few times until you're happy with the backlog here. You you're happy with the backlog here. You you're happy with the backlog here. You can also do things like update as well. can also do things like update as well. can also do things like update as well. So if later down the row you decide to So if later down the row you decide to So if later down the row you decide to like change the plan, you can also do like change the plan, you can also do like change the plan, you can also do taskmaster update ID equal to like four taskmaster update ID equal to like four taskmaster update ID equal to like four and prompt equal to something like make and prompt equal to something like make and prompt equal to something like make sure we use three js. And what will sure we use three js. And what will sure we use three js. And what will happen is that once you give this happen is that once you give this happen is that once you give this prompt, it will actually update the prompt, it will actually update the prompt, it will actually update the whole plan based on this new instruction whole plan based on this new instruction whole plan based on this new instruction which is really really helpful. But once which is really really helpful. But once which is really really helpful. But once it's done, you can do taskmaster list it's done, you can do taskmaster list it's done, you can do taskmaster list with subtasks. This will show all with subtasks. This will show all with subtasks. This will show all subtask here directly. So it will make subtask here directly. So it will make subtask here directly. So it will make it easier for you to review all the task it easier for you to review all the task it easier for you to review all the task here. So that's pretty much it. Once we here. So that's pretty much it. Once we here. So that's pretty much it. Once we done this, you can just go to the cursor done this, you can just go to the cursor done this, you can just go to the cursor agent and say let's start implementing agent and say let's start implementing agent and say let's start implementing the app based on task we created using the app based on task we created using the app based on task we created using taskmaster. Let's check the next most taskmaster. Let's check the next most taskmaster. Let's check the next most important task first. So you might have important task first. So you might have important task first. So you might have this arrow here that it is reusing the this arrow here that it is reusing the this arrow here that it is reusing the wrong command. Uh so I will just tell it wrong command. Uh so I will just tell it wrong command. Uh so I will just tell it do not use script dev.js use taskmaster do not use script dev.js use taskmaster do not use script dev.js use taskmaster instead. Just go list all task created instead. Just go list all task created instead. Just go list all task created and follow the plan. Then it will see and follow the plan. Then it will see and follow the plan. Then it will see the plan and decide to implement the the plan and decide to implement the the plan and decide to implement the first one first. And as it work on the first one first. And as it work on the first one first. And as it work on the task, it will also set the status of task, it will also set the status of task, it will also set the status of this task to be in progress. And here this task to be in progress. And here this task to be in progress. And here since I actually turn on the yolo mode since I actually turn on the yolo mode since I actually turn on the yolo mode of cursor, which means it didn't ask me of cursor, which means it didn't ask me of cursor, which means it didn't ask me for permission for running any command for permission for running any command for permission for running any command lines, I can basically just go drink a lines, I can basically just go drink a lines, I can basically just go drink a coffee and let it do the work. And as it coffee and let it do the work. And as it coffee and let it do the work. And as it complete, it will mark this task as done complete, it will mark this task as done complete, it will mark this task as done and move on to the next one by doing and move on to the next one by doing and move on to the next one by doing taskmaster next. But now when you're in taskmaster next. But now when you're in taskmaster next. But now when you're in Euro mode, uh I think cursor it will Euro mode, uh I think cursor it will Euro mode, uh I think cursor it will limit to 25 coursees if you're using the limit to 25 coursees if you're using the limit to 25 coursees if you're using the cloud 3.7, but you can actually put on cloud 3.7, but you can actually put on cloud 3.7, but you can actually put on Gemini 2.5 Pro Max. This will allow you Gemini 2.5 Pro Max. This will allow you Gemini 2.5 Pro Max. This will allow you to skip this limit and just do like 2002 to skip this limit and just do like 2002 to skip this limit and just do like 2002 coursees without any pause here. All coursees without any pause here. All coursees without any pause here. All right. So, it's actually pretty crazy. right. So, it's actually pretty crazy. right. So, it's actually pretty crazy. It just continue executing tasks one up It just continue executing tasks one up It just continue executing tasks one up another and generate a whole bunch of another and generate a whole bunch of another and generate a whole bunch of files, probably a few thousand lines of files, probably a few thousand lines of files, probably a few thousand lines of code. And let's just run that first. Um, code. And let's just run that first. Um, code. And let's just run that first. Um, so I'll do mpm run def. All right. So, so I'll do mpm run def. All right. So, so I'll do mpm run def. All right. So, if I try to open this, it has a lobby if I try to open this, it has a lobby if I try to open this, it has a lobby building and authentication building. building and authentication building. building and authentication building. So, I can give a name, choose avatar, So, I can give a name, choose avatar, So, I can give a name, choose avatar, start playing, and my user has been start playing, and my user has been start playing, and my user has been created. I can set how much time we have created. I can set how much time we have created. I can set how much time we have for drawing the difficulty and whether for drawing the difficulty and whether for drawing the difficulty and whether it's public game or not. So it's pretty it's public game or not. So it's pretty it's public game or not. So it's pretty good. Uh I can create but okay looks good. Uh I can create but okay looks good. Uh I can create but okay looks like the actual game inside hasn't been like the actual game inside hasn't been like the actual game inside hasn't been done yet but it's pretty impressive done yet but it's pretty impressive done yet but it's pretty impressive about how much it is able to deliver in about how much it is able to deliver in about how much it is able to deliver in just one go. And I can come back to do just one go. And I can come back to do just one go. And I can come back to do task master list with subtasks. So you task master list with subtasks. So you task master list with subtasks. So you can see that it done the uh first four can see that it done the uh first four can see that it done the uh first four tasks but it haven't fully finished the tasks but it haven't fully finished the tasks but it haven't fully finished the development game run logic into my UI development game run logic into my UI development game run logic into my UI component. Maybe that's why the actual component. Maybe that's why the actual component. Maybe that's why the actual game room is not showing up. So I can game room is not showing up. So I can game room is not showing up. So I can ask it continue to implement but you saw ask it continue to implement but you saw ask it continue to implement but you saw that I had this arrow here and then I that I had this arrow here and then I that I had this arrow here and then I can prompt it now refract the errors you can prompt it now refract the errors you can prompt it now refract the errors you made and creating new cursor rules to made and creating new cursor rules to made and creating new cursor rules to making sure you don't make those making sure you don't make those making sure you don't make those mistakes again. Now you can see that it mistakes again. Now you can see that it mistakes again. Now you can see that it actually adding new cursor rules about actually adding new cursor rules about actually adding new cursor rules about nextjs app router. Uh though for some nextjs app router. Uh though for some nextjs app router. Uh though for some reason it didn't actually create content reason it didn't actually create content reason it didn't actually create content which is bit weird and accept this one. which is bit weird and accept this one. which is bit weird and accept this one. So for now I just copy paste manually. I So for now I just copy paste manually. I So for now I just copy paste manually. I probably to update cursor rules to probably to update cursor rules to probably to update cursor rules to making sure it will be saved properly. making sure it will be saved properly. making sure it will be saved properly. But now I'm going to continue task. Now But now I'm going to continue task. Now But now I'm going to continue task. Now let's check what is the next task to let's check what is the next task to let's check what is the next task to complete to a point where we can do some complete to a point where we can do some complete to a point where we can do some quick testing of the drawing. Okay, quick testing of the drawing. Okay, quick testing of the drawing. Okay, after another 15 minutes of it just after another 15 minutes of it just after another 15 minutes of it just doing the task by itself, I got this doing the task by itself, I got this doing the task by itself, I got this game that's kind of fully functional game that's kind of fully functional game that's kind of fully functional where I can give it a name, choose my where I can give it a name, choose my where I can give it a name, choose my avatar, start playing and also create a avatar, start playing and also create a avatar, start playing and also create a room called Jason's room. I can set a room called Jason's room. I can set a room called Jason's room. I can set a timer about how long people can draw as timer about how long people can draw as timer about how long people can draw as well as number of runs, the difficulties well as number of runs, the difficulties well as number of runs, the difficulties and if I create a room other people will and if I create a room other people will and if I create a room other people will be able to see the room I created as be able to see the room I created as be able to see the room I created as well. Click on join. We will see well. Click on join. We will see well. Click on join. We will see multiple players in the room. And if I multiple players in the room. And if I multiple players in the room. And if I start this, I will have this canva where start this, I will have this canva where start this, I will have this canva where people can start drawing to describe people can start drawing to describe people can start drawing to describe what this uh word is. And on the top what this uh word is. And on the top what this uh word is. And on the top right corner, there's also a timer right corner, there's also a timer right corner, there's also a timer document how much time is left. And once document how much time is left. And once document how much time is left. And once it finish, it will send both result to it finish, it will send both result to it finish, it will send both result to chat GPT and GPT will look at the image chat GPT and GPT will look at the image chat GPT and GPT will look at the image and give the description and evaluation, and give the description and evaluation, and give the description and evaluation, pick up the winner to get points and pick up the winner to get points and pick up the winner to get points and then move on to the next one. So it's then move on to the next one. So it's then move on to the next one. So it's pretty amazing that it did a whole pretty amazing that it did a whole pretty amazing that it did a whole multiplayers games like this by itself multiplayers games like this by itself multiplayers games like this by itself in 20 minutes. So this how much in 20 minutes. So this how much in 20 minutes. So this how much performance gain you can get by equip performance gain you can get by equip performance gain you can get by equip cursor with the right task management cursor with the right task management cursor with the right task management systems and what's really exciting is systems and what's really exciting is systems and what's really exciting is that this is just beginning. I can that this is just beginning. I can that this is just beginning. I can imagine those tools and system became imagine those tools and system became imagine those tools and system became way better in a few months time. I also way better in a few months time. I also way better in a few months time. I also interviewed the creator of taskmaster interviewed the creator of taskmaster interviewed the creator of taskmaster project where he gave more detailed project where he gave more detailed project where he gave more detailed breakdown about the best practice breakdown about the best practice breakdown about the best practice workflow to fully unleash the power of workflow to fully unleash the power of workflow to fully unleash the power of taskmaster and exciting things that they taskmaster and exciting things that they taskmaster and exciting things that they are working on right now. If you're are working on right now. If you're are working on right now. If you're interested, you can join the AI builder interested, you can join the AI builder interested, you can join the AI builder club where I put a full interview and club where I put a full interview and club where I put a full interview and workflow inside the community for you to workflow inside the community for you to workflow inside the community for you to check out as well as bunch other check out as well as bunch other check out as well as bunch other learnings and tips from industry experts learnings and tips from industry experts learnings and tips from industry experts for both vibe coding and building for both vibe coding and building for both vibe coding and building production ready AI agents. And you will production ready AI agents. And you will production ready AI agents. And you will also have access to tools like 10x also have access to tools like 10x also have access to tools like 10x coderdev where it will help you generate coderdev where it will help you generate coderdev where it will help you generate bulletproof cursor PRD as well as bulletproof cursor PRD as well as bulletproof cursor PRD as well as next.js boplay that already have all next.js boplay that already have all next.js boplay that already have all payment backend database set up so you payment backend database set up so you payment backend database set up so you can launch your SAS in just a weekend. I can launch your SAS in just a weekend. I can launch your SAS in just a weekend. I post a link in the description below for post a link in the description below for post a link in the description below for you to join if you're interested. I hope you to join if you're interested. I hope you to join if you're interested. I hope you enjoyed this video. I continue you enjoyed this video. I continue you enjoyed this video. I continue sharing new tips and workflows I sharing new tips and workflows I sharing new tips and workflows I learned.
