Title: I built a team of AI Agents with Nano Banana (it’s I-N-S-A-N-E)
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

My name is David Andre and here is how My name is David Andre and here is how My name is David Andre and here is how to build AI agents with Nano Banana. to build AI agents with Nano Banana. to build AI agents with Nano Banana. Now, what even is Nano Banana? It's a Now, what even is Nano Banana? It's a Now, what even is Nano Banana? It's a new AI model from Google that is by far new AI model from Google that is by far new AI model from Google that is by far the best image model in the world. It's the best image model in the world. It's the best image model in the world. It's the first AI model in history to be the first AI model in history to be the first AI model in history to be great at editing images with great great at editing images with great great at editing images with great consistency. I mean, look at these consistency. I mean, look at these consistency. I mean, look at these examples. The consistency and examples. The consistency and examples. The consistency and reliability is just incredible. Now, reliability is just incredible. Now, reliability is just incredible. Now, while most people focus on the model while most people focus on the model while most people focus on the model itself, which is fine, nobody really itself, which is fine, nobody really itself, which is fine, nobody really talks about what you can build with it. talks about what you can build with it. talks about what you can build with it. So the real opportunity with Nanobanana So the real opportunity with Nanobanana So the real opportunity with Nanobanana is actually building multi- aent systems is actually building multi- aent systems is actually building multi- aent systems where each of the AI agents is powered where each of the AI agents is powered where each of the AI agents is powered by Nano Banana and this is possible by Nano Banana and this is possible by Nano Banana and this is possible because it's actually a version of because it's actually a version of because it's actually a version of Gemini. So it can not only output text, Gemini. So it can not only output text, Gemini. So it can not only output text, it can also make decisions and most it can also make decisions and most it can also make decisions and most importantly take agentic actions. So in importantly take agentic actions. So in importantly take agentic actions. So in this video I'll show you step by step this video I'll show you step by step this video I'll show you step by step how to build a team of AI agents powered how to build a team of AI agents powered how to build a team of AI agents powered by Nano Banana. And you can do this even by Nano Banana. And you can do this even by Nano Banana. And you can do this even if you are a complete beginner. First if you are a complete beginner. First if you are a complete beginner. First off let me show you just a few of the off let me show you just a few of the off let me show you just a few of the use cases that this incredible model can use cases that this incredible model can use cases that this incredible model can do. new clothing design, thumbnail do. new clothing design, thumbnail do. new clothing design, thumbnail concepts for social media, product shots concepts for social media, product shots concepts for social media, product shots for e-commerce, drop shipping, logos, for e-commerce, drop shipping, logos, for e-commerce, drop shipping, logos, banners for any type of business, banners for any type of business, banners for any type of business, restoring photos such as old photos in restoring photos such as old photos in restoring photos such as old photos in low quality or black and white photos. low quality or black and white photos. low quality or black and white photos. So, not only can it create images, which So, not only can it create images, which So, not only can it create images, which is already pretty good, but it can edit is already pretty good, but it can edit is already pretty good, but it can edit them with insane consistency. I mean, them with insane consistency. I mean, them with insane consistency. I mean, look at this. I asked to make the cloud look at this. I asked to make the cloud look at this. I asked to make the cloud a bit bigger and everything else the a bit bigger and everything else the a bit bigger and everything else the same except for the cloud getting a bit same except for the cloud getting a bit same except for the cloud getting a bit bigger. This is the first AI model in bigger. This is the first AI model in bigger. This is the first AI model in history that can do this. So, if you history that can do this. So, if you history that can do this. So, if you want to use nano banana for free, just want to use nano banana for free, just want to use nano banana for free, just go to vectal.ai. So now that you go to vectal.ai. So now that you go to vectal.ai. So now that you understand just how powerful Nano Banana understand just how powerful Nano Banana understand just how powerful Nano Banana is, let's use it to build some AI is, let's use it to build some AI is, let's use it to build some AI agents. All right. So inside of cursor, agents. All right. So inside of cursor, agents. All right. So inside of cursor, let me open an empty folder right here. let me open an empty folder right here. let me open an empty folder right here. Boom. And actually I'm going to use clot Boom. And actually I'm going to use clot Boom. And actually I'm going to use clot code for this. So open a terminal and code for this. So open a terminal and code for this. So open a terminal and just type in cloth. If you don't have just type in cloth. If you don't have just type in cloth. If you don't have installed cloth code, what are you installed cloth code, what are you installed cloth code, what are you doing? It's one of the best tools for doing? It's one of the best tools for doing? It's one of the best tools for coding. And I have about a dozen videos coding. And I have about a dozen videos coding. And I have about a dozen videos on it. So just watch any of them after on it. So just watch any of them after on it. So just watch any of them after this video, of course. Now let me this video, of course. Now let me this video, of course. Now let me actually show you what we will be actually show you what we will be actually show you what we will be building because this is incredible. So building because this is incredible. So building because this is incredible. So we will create a system where you can we will create a system where you can we will create a system where you can generate multiple images and then create generate multiple images and then create generate multiple images and then create variations of them using multiplayer variations of them using multiplayer variations of them using multiplayer agents all powered with nano banana. agents all powered with nano banana. agents all powered with nano banana. That way you don't have to just do one That way you don't have to just do one That way you don't have to just do one image. You can do four variations, six image. You can do four variations, six image. You can do four variations, six variations and then branch out from them variations and then branch out from them variations and then branch out from them in this nice tree UI. And I'll even show in this nice tree UI. And I'll even show in this nice tree UI. And I'll even show you how you can use the nano banana API you how you can use the nano banana API you how you can use the nano banana API for free. So the first thing I'm going for free. So the first thing I'm going for free. So the first thing I'm going to do is create a new file. So let me to do is create a new file. So let me to do is create a new file. So let me just right click, click on new file. And just right click, click on new file. And just right click, click on new file. And this is going to be the project details. this is going to be the project details. this is going to be the project details. And here I'm going to describe what the And here I'm going to describe what the And here I'm going to describe what the project is about at a high level. Now project is about at a high level. Now project is about at a high level. Now feel free to pause and read this prompt, feel free to pause and read this prompt, feel free to pause and read this prompt, but it's basically what I described, but it's basically what I described, but it's basically what I described, just a way to interact with Nano Banana, just a way to interact with Nano Banana, just a way to interact with Nano Banana, but in a multi- aent system, and you can but in a multi- aent system, and you can but in a multi- aent system, and you can use this to build any application use this to build any application use this to build any application because this is the real opportunity. because this is the real opportunity. because this is the real opportunity. The image editing capabilities of this The image editing capabilities of this The image editing capabilities of this model just unlocked hundreds of new model just unlocked hundreds of new model just unlocked hundreds of new possible startup ideas. So if you are possible startup ideas. So if you are possible startup ideas. So if you are serious about AI and you want to start serious about AI and you want to start serious about AI and you want to start building AI agents, make sure to watch building AI agents, make sure to watch building AI agents, make sure to watch until the end. All right, let me jump until the end. All right, let me jump until the end. All right, let me jump into cloud code and I'm going to switch into cloud code and I'm going to switch into cloud code and I'm going to switch into auto accept mode. By the way, for into auto accept mode. By the way, for into auto accept mode. By the way, for the model, I'm using Opus because it's the model, I'm using Opus because it's the model, I'm using Opus because it's the best model. Now, the first thing I'm the best model. Now, the first thing I'm the best model. Now, the first thing I'm going to say is read project details. going to say is read project details. going to say is read project details. That way, it's up to date with what That way, it's up to date with what That way, it's up to date with what we're building. Your first task is to we're building. Your first task is to we're building. Your first task is to Boom. And this is my first prompt. Boom. And this is my first prompt. Boom. And this is my first prompt. Again, feel free to pause and read it. Again, feel free to pause and read it. Again, feel free to pause and read it. The full name of this model, the public The full name of this model, the public The full name of this model, the public name is Google Gemini 2.5 Flash image name is Google Gemini 2.5 Flash image name is Google Gemini 2.5 Flash image preview. Now, no wonder this name didn't preview. Now, no wonder this name didn't preview. Now, no wonder this name didn't stick. People remember it as Nano stick. People remember it as Nano stick. People remember it as Nano Banana, which is the internal name Banana, which is the internal name Banana, which is the internal name Google gave this model. So, this is Google gave this model. So, this is Google gave this model. So, this is actually the official name of this actually the official name of this actually the official name of this model, and you can use it either through model, and you can use it either through model, and you can use it either through the Google AI studio or just on open the Google AI studio or just on open the Google AI studio or just on open router. So this is basically what the router. So this is basically what the router. So this is basically what the first prompt is about connecting this first prompt is about connecting this first prompt is about connecting this exact string with the ability to save exact string with the ability to save exact string with the ability to save the resulting image locally. Now of the resulting image locally. Now of the resulting image locally. Now of course we're going to build on top of course we're going to build on top of course we're going to build on top of this so that at the end we have a nice this so that at the end we have a nice this so that at the end we have a nice UI with multiple AI agents running all UI with multiple AI agents running all UI with multiple AI agents running all powered by Nano Banana. Now a common powered by Nano Banana. Now a common powered by Nano Banana. Now a common mistake that a lot of people make when mistake that a lot of people make when mistake that a lot of people make when they get into coding with AI is not they get into coding with AI is not they get into coding with AI is not providing examples and they get shitty providing examples and they get shitty providing examples and they get shitty results because of the prompt being so results because of the prompt being so results because of the prompt being so bad. Instead you want to clearly bad. Instead you want to clearly bad. Instead you want to clearly describe what you're building and you describe what you're building and you describe what you're building and you want to give it examples. So what I'm want to give it examples. So what I'm want to give it examples. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use XML tags going to do is I'm going to use XML tags going to do is I'm going to use XML tags to paste in the official docs. Right? So to paste in the official docs. Right? So to paste in the official docs. Right? So on open router you can click on API and on open router you can click on API and on open router you can click on API and they literally tell you what code you they literally tell you what code you they literally tell you what code you should have to run this model. All you should have to run this model. All you should have to run this model. All you need to do is click on copy and paste it need to do is click on copy and paste it need to do is click on copy and paste it into cloud code as an example. And the into cloud code as an example. And the into cloud code as an example. And the reason I wrap it in XML tags is just for reason I wrap it in XML tags is just for reason I wrap it in XML tags is just for the model to have better context the model to have better context the model to have better context engineering. So it's a nice little engineering. So it's a nice little engineering. So it's a nice little prompt engineering tick. And then when prompt engineering tick. And then when prompt engineering tick. And then when using cloud models always make sure to using cloud models always make sure to using cloud models always make sure to say think hard answer in short. This say think hard answer in short. This say think hard answer in short. This actually isn't only a prompt engineering actually isn't only a prompt engineering actually isn't only a prompt engineering tactic. This directly impacts the tactic. This directly impacts the tactic. This directly impacts the reasoning effort of the model. If you reasoning effort of the model. If you reasoning effort of the model. If you say think hard, clawed models such as say think hard, clawed models such as say think hard, clawed models such as Opus or Sonet will dedicate more Opus or Sonet will dedicate more Opus or Sonet will dedicate more reasoning effort and give you much reasoning effort and give you much reasoning effort and give you much better outputs than if you don't say it. better outputs than if you don't say it. better outputs than if you don't say it. Now, while this is running, we still Now, while this is running, we still Now, while this is running, we still have to create the ENV file ourselves. have to create the ENV file ourselves. have to create the ENV file ourselves. So, just right click in your project and So, just right click in your project and So, just right click in your project and type in ENV. And actually, um, Cloud type in ENV. And actually, um, Cloud type in ENV. And actually, um, Cloud Code gave us an example of what it Code gave us an example of what it Code gave us an example of what it should look like. So, we can just copy should look like. So, we can just copy should look like. So, we can just copy this. Let's go back into open router. this. Let's go back into open router. this. Let's go back into open router. Click on top right. Click on credits. If Click on top right. Click on credits. If Click on top right. Click on credits. If we look at the cost, it's very cheap. It we look at the cost, it's very cheap. It we look at the cost, it's very cheap. It costs like three cents for a single costs like three cents for a single costs like three cents for a single output. Right there it is. 0.03 03 output. Right there it is. 0.03 03 output. Right there it is. 0.03 03 dollar for an output image which means dollar for an output image which means dollar for an output image which means you can create like 30 images per you can create like 30 images per you can create like 30 images per dollar. So for $3 you can create nearly dollar. So for $3 you can create nearly dollar. So for $3 you can create nearly 100 different images with NO Banana 100 different images with NO Banana 100 different images with NO Banana which is pretty incredible. Now as I which is pretty incredible. Now as I which is pretty incredible. Now as I promised let me show you how to use this promised let me show you how to use this promised let me show you how to use this model for free inside of open hour they model for free inside of open hour they model for free inside of open hour they have this free version and this one as have this free version and this one as have this free version and this one as you might expect costs zero. Now the you might expect costs zero. Now the you might expect costs zero. Now the caveat is that obviously it has some caveat is that obviously it has some caveat is that obviously it has some rate limits and the uptime is going to rate limits and the uptime is going to rate limits and the uptime is going to be worse than the paid ones. You can see be worse than the paid ones. You can see be worse than the paid ones. You can see there's some major drops where only 30% there's some major drops where only 30% there's some major drops where only 30% of the requests were getting through. of the requests were getting through. of the requests were getting through. Either way, we need an API key. So, Either way, we need an API key. So, Either way, we need an API key. So, click on the top right, click on keys, click on the top right, click on keys, click on the top right, click on keys, click on create API key. I'm going to click on create API key. I'm going to click on create API key. I'm going to name it subscribe. If you're watching name it subscribe. If you're watching name it subscribe. If you're watching this, make sure to subscribe. It takes this, make sure to subscribe. It takes this, make sure to subscribe. It takes two seconds. It's completely free, just two seconds. It's completely free, just two seconds. It's completely free, just like that, a banana, and it helps out a like that, a banana, and it helps out a like that, a banana, and it helps out a lot. So, go below the video and click lot. So, go below the video and click lot. So, go below the video and click subscribe. Okay? I'm going to create a subscribe. Okay? I'm going to create a subscribe. Okay? I'm going to create a key. Copy. Do not share API keys with key. Copy. Do not share API keys with key. Copy. Do not share API keys with anybody. Treat them as passwords. I'm anybody. Treat them as passwords. I'm anybody. Treat them as passwords. I'm going to delete my key before uploading going to delete my key before uploading going to delete my key before uploading this video, okay? So, don't try to steal this video, okay? So, don't try to steal this video, okay? So, don't try to steal it or you can try. It's up to you. But it or you can try. It's up to you. But it or you can try. It's up to you. But just paste it after this like so. And just paste it after this like so. And just paste it after this like so. And click save. We can close the environment click save. We can close the environment click save. We can close the environment file. Now, close code should be file. Now, close code should be file. Now, close code should be finished. And there we go. So it's finished. And there we go. So it's finished. And there we go. So it's finished with the first prompt. finished with the first prompt. finished with the first prompt. Beautiful. So to use this, all we need Beautiful. So to use this, all we need Beautiful. So to use this, all we need to do is add the API key, which we just to do is add the API key, which we just to do is add the API key, which we just did. And then run pip install require did. And then run pip install require did. And then run pip install require txt. So let's do that right now. Boom. txt. So let's do that right now. Boom. txt. So let's do that right now. Boom. Just paste it in. We don't have pip. Just paste it in. We don't have pip. Just paste it in. We don't have pip. Okay. So I'm going to show you how to Okay. So I'm going to show you how to Okay. So I'm going to show you how to solve with AI if you've never solve with AI if you've never solve with AI if you've never encountered this issue. But I can just encountered this issue. But I can just encountered this issue. But I can just uh copy this. Boom. Help me solve this uh copy this. Boom. Help me solve this uh copy this. Boom. Help me solve this error. Think harder in short. So error. Think harder in short. So error. Think harder in short. So obviously I've encountered this issue in obviously I've encountered this issue in obviously I've encountered this issue in the past but if you haven't you can use the past but if you haven't you can use the past but if you haven't you can use AI agents to solve any error you might AI agents to solve any error you might AI agents to solve any error you might encounter right so uh commandfound pip encounter right so uh commandfound pip encounter right so uh commandfound pip okay python 3 I'm install okay so I'm okay python 3 I'm install okay so I'm okay python 3 I'm install okay so I'm going to actually I'm going to ask it going to actually I'm going to ask it going to actually I'm going to ask it help me set up a new cond env for this help me set up a new cond env for this help me set up a new cond env for this and solve the issue there is great for and solve the issue there is great for and solve the issue there is great for managing Python environments create now managing Python environments create now managing Python environments create now a banana python 3 I'm going to allow a banana python 3 I'm going to allow a banana python 3 I'm going to allow that boom and then all we have to do is that boom and then all we have to do is that boom and then all we have to do is do activate and the project name boom do activate and the project name boom do activate and the project name boom and there we go So next, let's try and there we go So next, let's try and there we go So next, let's try installing the dependencies again. Okay, installing the dependencies again. Okay, installing the dependencies again. Okay, so now it's installing all the required so now it's installing all the required so now it's installing all the required packages for this project and I can type packages for this project and I can type packages for this project and I can type clear and let's see if we can just run clear and let's see if we can just run clear and let's see if we can just run this. So I'm going to click on the this. So I'm going to click on the this. So I'm going to click on the Python file here. So do we have these Python file here. So do we have these Python file here. So do we have these installed? Okay, actually one thing I installed? Okay, actually one thing I installed? Okay, actually one thing I need to do is below my webcam right need to do is below my webcam right need to do is below my webcam right here, you can see the Python version. I here, you can see the Python version. I here, you can see the Python version. I need to enable it inside of cursor. So need to enable it inside of cursor. So need to enable it inside of cursor. So let me do nano banana. Boom. This is the let me do nano banana. Boom. This is the let me do nano banana. Boom. This is the new condenv. And now these errors should new condenv. And now these errors should new condenv. And now these errors should disappear. There we go. Let's run this. disappear. There we go. Let's run this. disappear. There we go. Let's run this. Okay, so sending prompt generated Okay, so sending prompt generated Okay, so sending prompt generated description of beautiful sunset and description of beautiful sunset and description of beautiful sunset and here's the response and it created a new here's the response and it created a new here's the response and it created a new image. So let's click on folder outputs image. So let's click on folder outputs image. So let's click on folder outputs and why is it a text file? Okay, so this and why is it a text file? Okay, so this and why is it a text file? Okay, so this is obviously a mistake. So I'm going to is obviously a mistake. So I'm going to is obviously a mistake. So I'm going to describe it. The result should be a PNG describe it. The result should be a PNG describe it. The result should be a PNG file, not a text file. Let me paste in file, not a text file. Let me paste in file, not a text file. Let me paste in the model name again. Boom. Here's the the model name again. Boom. Here's the the model name again. Boom. Here's the model name. This is the exact model name model name. This is the exact model name model name. This is the exact model name on open router. It can output images. on open router. It can output images. on open router. It can output images. So, make sure we save the image, not the So, make sure we save the image, not the So, make sure we save the image, not the text response. Think hard answer in text response. Think hard answer in text response. Think hard answer in short. So, it's actually good that I short. So, it's actually good that I short. So, it's actually good that I didn't do it on the first try because I didn't do it on the first try because I didn't do it on the first try because I can show you the real authentic can show you the real authentic can show you the real authentic experience of what it's like to building experience of what it's like to building experience of what it's like to building stuff with AI because you will run into stuff with AI because you will run into stuff with AI because you will run into errors. The key is not taking those errors. The key is not taking those errors. The key is not taking those errors personally, clearly describing errors personally, clearly describing errors personally, clearly describing them, and using the AI agents to fix them, and using the AI agents to fix them, and using the AI agents to fix them. All right, so it made some changes them. All right, so it made some changes them. All right, so it made some changes to support B 64. Okay, looks good. It to support B 64. Okay, looks good. It to support B 64. Okay, looks good. It actually saved a bunch of lines as well. actually saved a bunch of lines as well. actually saved a bunch of lines as well. So, let's run again. should be So, let's run again. should be So, let's run again. should be completed. All right, let's run this completed. All right, let's run this completed. All right, let's run this script again. And it's running. Let's script again. And it's running. Let's script again. And it's running. Let's see if we save a PNG image as a result. see if we save a PNG image as a result. see if we save a PNG image as a result. Fail to generate image. Okay, now Fail to generate image. Okay, now Fail to generate image. Okay, now another way to fix errors faster is to another way to fix errors faster is to another way to fix errors faster is to do web search. So you can use Perplexity do web search. So you can use Perplexity do web search. So you can use Perplexity for this if you have Plexi Pro. In the for this if you have Plexi Pro. In the for this if you have Plexi Pro. In the meantime, let's see if Cloud Code meantime, let's see if Cloud Code meantime, let's see if Cloud Code managed to fix it. So let's rerun the managed to fix it. So let's rerun the managed to fix it. So let's rerun the script. Boom. Again, generated image of script. Boom. Again, generated image of script. Boom. Again, generated image of a beautiful sunset over mountains. And a beautiful sunset over mountains. And a beautiful sunset over mountains. And we expect the PNG to be saved. And there we expect the PNG to be saved. And there we expect the PNG to be saved. And there it is. We have the exact beautiful it is. We have the exact beautiful it is. We have the exact beautiful sunset over mountains image. And this is sunset over mountains image. And this is sunset over mountains image. And this is the first step in building our multi- the first step in building our multi- the first step in building our multi- aent system. Again, we're going to build aent system. Again, we're going to build aent system. Again, we're going to build on top of this. But now we know that our on top of this. But now we know that our on top of this. But now we know that our code works. Our code is solid. And we code works. Our code is solid. And we code works. Our code is solid. And we can generate an image based on a pro, can generate an image based on a pro, can generate an image based on a pro, which is the foundation. When building which is the foundation. When building which is the foundation. When building something with AI, you don't want to something with AI, you don't want to something with AI, you don't want to oneshot a big project. You want to split oneshot a big project. You want to split oneshot a big project. You want to split it into five, 7, 10 smaller stages, and it into five, 7, 10 smaller stages, and it into five, 7, 10 smaller stages, and then execute each stage individually, then execute each stage individually, then execute each stage individually, building on top of the last one. That building on top of the last one. That building on top of the last one. That way, if you encounter any errors, just way, if you encounter any errors, just way, if you encounter any errors, just like we did here, you can fix them like we did here, you can fix them like we did here, you can fix them before adding more complexity into your before adding more complexity into your before adding more complexity into your codebase. So, I'm going to say, great codebase. So, I'm going to say, great codebase. So, I'm going to say, great work. Now it's time to add multi-image work. Now it's time to add multi-image work. Now it's time to add multi-image support. Boom. Here's my prompt. TLDDR. support. Boom. Here's my prompt. TLDDR. support. Boom. Here's my prompt. TLDDR. Instead of one, open router API call, do Instead of one, open router API call, do Instead of one, open router API call, do four different calls, each one resulting four different calls, each one resulting four different calls, each one resulting in a separate PNG file. And I'm also in a separate PNG file. And I'm also in a separate PNG file. And I'm also going to say the fewer lines of code going to say the fewer lines of code going to say the fewer lines of code changed the better. This is another changed the better. This is another changed the better. This is another great way to reduce unnecessary feature great way to reduce unnecessary feature great way to reduce unnecessary feature bloat complexity in your codebase. A lot bloat complexity in your codebase. A lot bloat complexity in your codebase. A lot of the times the AI models have a of the times the AI models have a of the times the AI models have a tendency to write more lines of code tendency to write more lines of code tendency to write more lines of code than necessary, right? But if you say than necessary, right? But if you say than necessary, right? But if you say the fewer lines of code the better, you the fewer lines of code the better, you the fewer lines of code the better, you will get a simpler, cleaner version that will get a simpler, cleaner version that will get a simpler, cleaner version that a lot of times works just as well, if a lot of times works just as well, if a lot of times works just as well, if not better than the more bloated code. not better than the more bloated code. not better than the more bloated code. All right, so let's see what's All right, so let's see what's All right, so let's see what's happening. It's creating a simple Flask happening. It's creating a simple Flask happening. It's creating a simple Flask app which is a lightweight Python UI app which is a lightweight Python UI app which is a lightweight Python UI framework. So our codebase is super framework. So our codebase is super framework. So our codebase is super simple. Look at this. Like we literally simple. Look at this. Like we literally simple. Look at this. Like we literally have two code files and environment have two code files and environment have two code files and environment file. That's kind of incredible to be file. That's kind of incredible to be file. That's kind of incredible to be honest where you can build in a very honest where you can build in a very honest where you can build in a very simple codebase. You don't have to bloat simple codebase. You don't have to bloat simple codebase. You don't have to bloat your stuff with unnecessary packages and your stuff with unnecessary packages and your stuff with unnecessary packages and dependencies. You can just use raw dependencies. You can just use raw dependencies. You can just use raw Python which is one of the most popular Python which is one of the most popular Python which is one of the most popular languages in the world. And the beauty languages in the world. And the beauty languages in the world. And the beauty of that is the models are actually of that is the models are actually of that is the models are actually trained on it because there's a lot of trained on it because there's a lot of trained on it because there's a lot of training data in Python. So the app is training data in Python. So the app is training data in Python. So the app is ready to run. Let's see if Cloud Core ready to run. Let's see if Cloud Core ready to run. Let's see if Cloud Core gives us the instructions and it does. gives us the instructions and it does. gives us the instructions and it does. So we need to install Flask. So I'm So we need to install Flask. So I'm So we need to install Flask. So I'm going to open the terminal again. I'm going to open the terminal again. I'm going to open the terminal again. I'm going to do clear. I'm going to do pip going to do clear. I'm going to do pip going to do clear. I'm going to do pip install flask. All right, there we go. install flask. All right, there we go. install flask. All right, there we go. So since we have the cond environment So since we have the cond environment So since we have the cond environment enabled, it's nicely separated from my enabled, it's nicely separated from my enabled, it's nicely separated from my other projects that don't use Flask. And other projects that don't use Flask. And other projects that don't use Flask. And then we start the app with Python app. then we start the app with Python app. then we start the app with Python app. py. So it gives us the URL, which is py. So it gives us the URL, which is py. So it gives us the URL, which is just localhost 8000. And we can open just localhost 8000. And we can open just localhost 8000. And we can open that. It actually opened on my second that. It actually opened on my second that. It actually opened on my second screen. Let me drag that over. Boom. So screen. Let me drag that over. Boom. So screen. Let me drag that over. Boom. So here is the results. We can nicely see here is the results. We can nicely see here is the results. We can nicely see them. So you don't have to use them in a them. So you don't have to use them in a them. So you don't have to use them in a terminal, right? It's a nice simple web terminal, right? It's a nice simple web terminal, right? It's a nice simple web user interface, which is nice because user interface, which is nice because user interface, which is nice because it's easier to use. Then we can test it's easier to use. Then we can test it's easier to use. Then we can test whether it can generate a new image. So whether it can generate a new image. So whether it can generate a new image. So let's test that. Actually, I'm going to let's test that. Actually, I'm going to let's test that. Actually, I'm going to do a blue dog in a 1930s garden. Just do a blue dog in a 1930s garden. Just do a blue dog in a 1930s garden. Just random prompt. Generate. It says random prompt. Generate. It says random prompt. Generate. It says generating, but I don't know if that's generating, but I don't know if that's generating, but I don't know if that's already wired up. Let's see if stuff is already wired up. Let's see if stuff is already wired up. Let's see if stuff is happening in our back end. Four or four. happening in our back end. Four or four. happening in our back end. Four or four. That's favicon though. Generating from That's favicon though. Generating from That's favicon though. Generating from variations. Let's see if this works. The variations. Let's see if this works. The variations. Let's see if this works. The UI is very simple. I mean, we have some UI is very simple. I mean, we have some UI is very simple. I mean, we have some on hover, but it's nothing crazy. Just on hover, but it's nothing crazy. Just on hover, but it's nothing crazy. Just loading results. Okay. Generating four loading results. Okay. Generating four loading results. Okay. Generating four images in parallel. So, it's promising images in parallel. So, it's promising images in parallel. So, it's promising because it generated the prompt because it generated the prompt because it generated the prompt variations with GPT5 mini and it's variations with GPT5 mini and it's variations with GPT5 mini and it's saving the dog examples. We might need saving the dog examples. We might need saving the dog examples. We might need to reload. I don't think we have to reload. I don't think we have to reload. I don't think we have automatic refresh in the front end, so automatic refresh in the front end, so automatic refresh in the front end, so we might just need to reload it. Oh, we might just need to reload it. Oh, we might just need to reload it. Oh, there we go. It did reload. And there we there we go. It did reload. And there we there we go. It did reload. And there we have four very different. Yeah, these have four very different. Yeah, these have four very different. Yeah, these are very, very unique. Wow. Not bad at are very, very unique. Wow. Not bad at are very, very unique. Wow. Not bad at all. So, yeah, here we have it. So, we all. So, yeah, here we have it. So, we all. So, yeah, here we have it. So, we have the UI. So, we're actually have the UI. So, we're actually have the UI. So, we're actually progressing very, very fast. The next progressing very, very fast. The next progressing very, very fast. The next stage is to add image editing and stage is to add image editing and stage is to add image editing and uploads. So, I'm going to say great uploads. So, I'm going to say great uploads. So, I'm going to say great work. Just compliment AI, you know, work. Just compliment AI, you know, work. Just compliment AI, you know, doesn't hurt. The next stage is adding doesn't hurt. The next stage is adding doesn't hurt. The next stage is adding image editing and image uploads. So, image editing and image uploads. So, image editing and image uploads. So, boom. Here's the prompt. Execute this boom. Here's the prompt. Execute this boom. Here's the prompt. Execute this in the simplest way possible. Think hard in the simplest way possible. Think hard in the simplest way possible. Think hard answer in short. All right. So, while answer in short. All right. So, while answer in short. All right. So, while this is running, let's utilize our this is running, let's utilize our this is running, let's utilize our multi-cloud code setup. I'm going to say multi-cloud code setup. I'm going to say multi-cloud code setup. I'm going to say we have updated since you have to we have updated since you have to we have updated since you have to realize this cloud code didn't do the realize this cloud code didn't do the realize this cloud code didn't do the web stuff. So, we need to tell it about web stuff. So, we need to tell it about web stuff. So, we need to tell it about the new web changes. We've updated our the new web changes. We've updated our the new web changes. We've updated our app by adding app. I'm going to tag the app by adding app. I'm going to tag the app by adding app. I'm going to tag the file. Your task is to execute this. And file. Your task is to execute this. And file. Your task is to execute this. And I'm going to wrap this in XML tags I'm going to wrap this in XML tags I'm going to wrap this in XML tags again. Next step. Boom. Paste it in. again. Next step. Boom. Paste it in. again. Next step. Boom. Paste it in. Close that. Slashn next step. Implement Close that. Slashn next step. Implement Close that. Slashn next step. Implement this next step in a clean, simple, and this next step in a clean, simple, and this next step in a clean, simple, and minimal way. just like a 10x engineer minimal way. just like a 10x engineer minimal way. just like a 10x engineer would think hard answer in short. Okay, would think hard answer in short. Okay, would think hard answer in short. Okay, so let's check in. So we're going to so let's check in. So we're going to so let's check in. So we're going to launch this cloud code agent and let's launch this cloud code agent and let's launch this cloud code agent and let's check in on the first one which seems to check in on the first one which seems to check in on the first one which seems to be finished. So let's go back. Let's see be finished. So let's go back. Let's see be finished. So let's go back. Let's see if we can upload images. Let's reload if we can upload images. Let's reload if we can upload images. Let's reload our front end. And there we go. We can u our front end. And there we go. We can u our front end. And there we go. We can u we can choose a file. So maybe let's use we can choose a file. So maybe let's use we can choose a file. So maybe let's use something from the presentation such as something from the presentation such as something from the presentation such as this um Gemini logo. I'm going to save this um Gemini logo. I'm going to save this um Gemini logo. I'm going to save it to documents. So upload selected and it to documents. So upload selected and it to documents. So upload selected and I I can say uh make the selected I I can say uh make the selected I I can say uh make the selected image more vibrant and colorful. Okay. image more vibrant and colorful. Okay. image more vibrant and colorful. Okay. So let's see if it can use this image to So let's see if it can use this image to So let's see if it can use this image to generate a new variation. So far we've generate a new variation. So far we've generate a new variation. So far we've generated only stuff from scratch which generated only stuff from scratch which generated only stuff from scratch which previous models like midjourney or previous models like midjourney or previous models like midjourney or stable fusion were able to do. However, stable fusion were able to do. However, stable fusion were able to do. However, this model Nano Banana is excellent at this model Nano Banana is excellent at this model Nano Banana is excellent at image editing. So now we're passing it image editing. So now we're passing it image editing. So now we're passing it an image and let's see if it can an image and let's see if it can an image and let's see if it can generate variations from it. Now, while generate variations from it. Now, while generate variations from it. Now, while that's doing, we should check on our that's doing, we should check on our that's doing, we should check on our other cloud code. Now, this is probably other cloud code. Now, this is probably other cloud code. Now, this is probably not the not the most um like best not the not the most um like best not the not the most um like best practices stable way of development. practices stable way of development. practices stable way of development. This is definitely more yolo side. If This is definitely more yolo side. If This is definitely more yolo side. If you want to make progress faster, you're you want to make progress faster, you're you want to make progress faster, you're also going to run into errors and you're also going to run into errors and you're also going to run into errors and you're going to you're going to probably be going to you're going to probably be going to you're going to probably be more confused if you don't know what more confused if you don't know what more confused if you don't know what you're doing. If you're a beginner, you're doing. If you're a beginner, you're doing. If you're a beginner, probably stick to a single instance of probably stick to a single instance of probably stick to a single instance of cloud code or a single instance of cloud code or a single instance of cloud code or a single instance of codeex. Otherwise, you'll be confused, codeex. Otherwise, you'll be confused, codeex. Otherwise, you'll be confused, right? So, we're we're doing a lot here, right? So, we're we're doing a lot here, right? So, we're we're doing a lot here, but uh that also could save us some but uh that also could save us some but uh that also could save us some time. So, let's see what's happening time. So, let's see what's happening time. So, let's see what's happening here. Reloading. Okay, generating. Okay, here. Reloading. Okay, generating. Okay, here. Reloading. Okay, generating. Okay, we have the chat assistant now. So, that we have the chat assistant now. So, that we have the chat assistant now. So, that kind of that kind of messed up our test kind of that kind of messed up our test kind of that kind of messed up our test because Okay, I'm going to tell it no, because Okay, I'm going to tell it no, because Okay, I'm going to tell it no, don't start anything. Just execute what don't start anything. Just execute what don't start anything. Just execute what I asked. So, basically, the next stage I asked. So, basically, the next stage I asked. So, basically, the next stage was adding the conversational assistant, was adding the conversational assistant, was adding the conversational assistant, but I just wanted to test this image. but I just wanted to test this image. but I just wanted to test this image. make the attached image more colorful make the attached image more colorful make the attached image more colorful and vibrant. Right? Generate. There's something very Right? Generate. There's something very Right? Generate. There's something very curious on open router which I want to curious on open router which I want to curious on open router which I want to talk about. Why is GPT5 mini such a low talk about. Why is GPT5 mini such a low talk about. Why is GPT5 mini such a low throughput? Look at this. 40 tokens per throughput? Look at this. 40 tokens per throughput? Look at this. 40 tokens per second. If you look at GPT5, the main second. If you look at GPT5, the main second. If you look at GPT5, the main one, not mini, it's literally sometimes one, not mini, it's literally sometimes one, not mini, it's literally sometimes faster. I mean, look at this throughput, faster. I mean, look at this throughput, faster. I mean, look at this throughput, right? Sometimes it's like 50. like how right? Sometimes it's like 50. like how right? Sometimes it's like 50. like how is what what's going on OpenAI? I don't is what what's going on OpenAI? I don't is what what's going on OpenAI? I don't understand. GBD5 mini is sketch. But understand. GBD5 mini is sketch. But understand. GBD5 mini is sketch. But anyways, let's go back. Let's see if we anyways, let's go back. Let's see if we anyways, let's go back. Let's see if we have the variations of our image. We have the variations of our image. We have the variations of our image. We have some variations, but they are not have some variations, but they are not have some variations, but they are not of our image. That is an issue we have of our image. That is an issue we have of our image. That is an issue we have to address. But before we do that, let to address. But before we do that, let to address. But before we do that, let me test the conversational assistant. me test the conversational assistant. me test the conversational assistant. So, I'm going to say uh create an image So, I'm going to say uh create an image So, I'm going to say uh create an image of a tree growing in the void. Okay. So, of a tree growing in the void. Okay. So, of a tree growing in the void. Okay. So, not much seems to be happening here. not much seems to be happening here. not much seems to be happening here. Okay. So it did result with some images Okay. So it did result with some images Okay. So it did result with some images but it reset our chat which is not good. but it reset our chat which is not good. but it reset our chat which is not good. So first let's focus on this. Okay let's So first let's focus on this. Okay let's So first let's focus on this. Okay let's focus on getting the image editing to focus on getting the image editing to focus on getting the image editing to work. So let's see what's going on. work. So let's see what's going on. work. So let's see what's going on. Choose image file. So I'm going to say Choose image file. So I'm going to say Choose image file. So I'm going to say actually let me speak it into existence. actually let me speak it into existence. actually let me speak it into existence. So right now we actually have a bug So right now we actually have a bug So right now we actually have a bug where the attached image isn't being where the attached image isn't being where the attached image isn't being properly passed to the model. So properly passed to the model. So properly passed to the model. So whatever prompt I send it's kind of not whatever prompt I send it's kind of not whatever prompt I send it's kind of not relevant to the image I upload. So relevant to the image I upload. So relevant to the image I upload. So analyze that part of your codebase and analyze that part of your codebase and analyze that part of your codebase and think hard about why we're facing this think hard about why we're facing this think hard about why we're facing this issue and what is the proper way to fix issue and what is the proper way to fix issue and what is the proper way to fix it. And actually a lot of people don't it. And actually a lot of people don't it. And actually a lot of people don't even know that cloth code has built-in even know that cloth code has built-in even know that cloth code has built-in web search. So I could say browse the web search. So I could say browse the web search. So I could say browse the web to see the proper way to use open web to see the proper way to use open web to see the proper way to use open router API to pass images to multi- router API to pass images to multi- router API to pass images to multi- multimodal AI models. Follow the latest multimodal AI models. Follow the latest multimodal AI models. Follow the latest open router docs. Okay. So let's approve open router docs. Okay. So let's approve open router docs. Okay. So let's approve web search because um this is one of the web search because um this is one of the web search because um this is one of the tools you want cloth code to be running tools you want cloth code to be running tools you want cloth code to be running without asking for permission. Okay, I without asking for permission. Okay, I without asking for permission. Okay, I don't know why the web search failed. don't know why the web search failed. don't know why the web search failed. That's very interesting. Anyways, let's That's very interesting. Anyways, let's That's very interesting. Anyways, let's refresh this. refresh this. refresh this. Okay, so again I asked it to flip it Okay, so again I asked it to flip it Okay, so again I asked it to flip it upside down which it didn't do with the upside down which it didn't do with the upside down which it didn't do with the it creates some upside down images but it creates some upside down images but it creates some upside down images but like it's not doing it with these like it's not doing it with these like it's not doing it with these attached ones. So that's a problem. So attached ones. So that's a problem. So attached ones. So that's a problem. So what you should do if you're stuck on what you should do if you're stuck on what you should do if you're stuck on something is just do a deep research something is just do a deep research something is just do a deep research right whether it is perplexity whether right whether it is perplexity whether right whether it is perplexity whether it's Chad GBD Gemini doesn't matter just it's Chad GBD Gemini doesn't matter just it's Chad GBD Gemini doesn't matter just well it does matter but you know well it does matter but you know well it does matter but you know whatever I think perplexity is a nice whatever I think perplexity is a nice whatever I think perplexity is a nice balance of speed and um quality the best balance of speed and um quality the best balance of speed and um quality the best one probably is it's hard to say Gemini one probably is it's hard to say Gemini one probably is it's hard to say Gemini has improved theirs a lot so either has improved theirs a lot so either has improved theirs a lot so either Gemini or OpenAI check GBDB research but Gemini or OpenAI check GBDB research but Gemini or OpenAI check GBDB research but basically I asked it to check the open basically I asked it to check the open basically I asked it to check the open router docs to check like 50 plus router docs to check like 50 plus router docs to check like 50 plus sources on how to pass images as parts sources on how to pass images as parts sources on how to pass images as parts of the prompts, right? Because this is of the prompts, right? Because this is of the prompts, right? Because this is the issue here. Uh, cloud core is the issue here. Uh, cloud core is the issue here. Uh, cloud core is already doing stuff. So, let's see if already doing stuff. So, let's see if already doing stuff. So, let's see if those clo fixes work. What I'm going to those clo fixes work. What I'm going to those clo fixes work. What I'm going to do is I'm going to clean the folder do is I'm going to clean the folder do is I'm going to clean the folder here. Boom. Let's delete that. Let's here. Boom. Let's delete that. Let's here. Boom. Let's delete that. Let's refresh. I'm going to say flip the refresh. I'm going to say flip the refresh. I'm going to say flip the attached image upside down. Generate. attached image upside down. Generate. attached image upside down. Generate. All right. So, this deep research is All right. So, this deep research is All right. So, this deep research is finishing up. That's good. Maybe cloud finishing up. That's good. Maybe cloud finishing up. That's good. Maybe cloud code will manage to fix it by itself. code will manage to fix it by itself. code will manage to fix it by itself. You know, a lot of the times that is the You know, a lot of the times that is the You know, a lot of the times that is the case. Okay. So, we have some problem. We case. Okay. So, we have some problem. We case. Okay. So, we have some problem. We don't really want to. Do we want prompt don't really want to. Do we want prompt don't really want to. Do we want prompt variations on this? Maybe. We'll see, I variations on this? Maybe. We'll see, I variations on this? Maybe. We'll see, I guess. Okay, so let's see what happens. guess. Okay, so let's see what happens. guess. Okay, so let's see what happens. No, it's still not passing the image. No, it's still not passing the image. No, it's still not passing the image. So, I'm I'm going to describe that So, I'm I'm going to describe that So, I'm I'm going to describe that issue. The image that the user attaches issue. The image that the user attaches issue. The image that the user attaches needs to go to the nano banana Gemini needs to go to the nano banana Gemini needs to go to the nano banana Gemini model, which is the one that can model, which is the one that can model, which is the one that can generate new images. Below is the generate new images. Below is the generate new images. Below is the official documentation from open router official documentation from open router official documentation from open router on how to do this correctly. All right. on how to do this correctly. All right. on how to do this correctly. All right. So, I described the issue in a detailed So, I described the issue in a detailed So, I described the issue in a detailed way and then I'm going to pass the docs way and then I'm going to pass the docs way and then I'm going to pass the docs as well. as well. as well. Boom. And actually, I'm going to do Boom. And actually, I'm going to do Boom. And actually, I'm going to do something radical, which is resetting a something radical, which is resetting a something radical, which is resetting a cloth code, which sometimes you have to cloth code, which sometimes you have to cloth code, which sometimes you have to do like when there's too much stuff. do like when there's too much stuff. do like when there's too much stuff. This is called context, by the way. When This is called context, by the way. When This is called context, by the way. When there is too much stuff, uh, the there is too much stuff, uh, the there is too much stuff, uh, the performance can drop. So, what I'm going performance can drop. So, what I'm going performance can drop. So, what I'm going to do is create a fresh cloth code. Just to do is create a fresh cloth code. Just to do is create a fresh cloth code. Just paste in the new context. I'm going to paste in the new context. I'm going to paste in the new context. I'm going to end it with docs. I'll say implement a end it with docs. I'll say implement a end it with docs. I'll say implement a clean and minimal fix clean and minimal fix clean and minimal fix like a senior developer would. like a senior developer would. like a senior developer would. think harder answer in short. So think harder answer in short. So think harder answer in short. So sometimes literally just switching to a sometimes literally just switching to a sometimes literally just switching to a new cloth code does the trick. You kind new cloth code does the trick. You kind new cloth code does the trick. You kind of have to develop a feel for when that of have to develop a feel for when that of have to develop a feel for when that is the correct move. So sometimes you is the correct move. So sometimes you is the correct move. So sometimes you just have to be willing to get your just have to be willing to get your just have to be willing to get your hands dirty and do some good old hands dirty and do some good old hands dirty and do some good old debugging. So I asked it to add three debugging. So I asked it to add three debugging. So I asked it to add three debug log statements at the essential debug log statements at the essential debug log statements at the essential parts where it makes sense. And we're parts where it makes sense. And we're parts where it makes sense. And we're going to see what's happening to the going to see what's happening to the going to see what's happening to the image as I send it. And actually, you image as I send it. And actually, you image as I send it. And actually, you know what? Since cloud code isn't know what? Since cloud code isn't know what? Since cloud code isn't solving this, I'm going to turn on uh solving this, I'm going to turn on uh solving this, I'm going to turn on uh the codex extension and get some more the codex extension and get some more the codex extension and get some more power behind us. Flip the attached file power behind us. Flip the attached file power behind us. Flip the attached file upside down. I'm going to copy the logs. upside down. I'm going to copy the logs. upside down. I'm going to copy the logs. I'm going to say logs. I'm going to say logs. I'm going to say logs. Logs. Logs. Logs. Here is what our backend terminal looks Here is what our backend terminal looks Here is what our backend terminal looks like. What does this tell us? What and like. What does this tell us? What and like. What does this tell us? What and what is the next step we should take in what is the next step we should take in what is the next step we should take in debugging this debugging this debugging this think hard answer in short think hard answer in short think hard answer in short in the meantime what we can do is copy in the meantime what we can do is copy in the meantime what we can do is copy this deep research as well I'm going to this deep research as well I'm going to this deep research as well I'm going to say uh docs say uh docs say uh docs docs I'm going to say the same issue docs I'm going to say the same issue docs I'm going to say the same issue just describe it to codeex we are facing just describe it to codeex we are facing just describe it to codeex we are facing issue where the when the user attaches issue where the when the user attaches issue where the when the user attaches an image and he sends a prompt where he an image and he sends a prompt where he an image and he sends a prompt where he just wants the image to be edited it just wants the image to be edited it just wants the image to be edited it doesn't make it to the Gemini model. doesn't make it to the Gemini model. doesn't make it to the Gemini model. Somehow the image is lost along the way Somehow the image is lost along the way Somehow the image is lost along the way and the model just generates variations and the model just generates variations and the model just generates variations that are completely irrelevant to the that are completely irrelevant to the that are completely irrelevant to the attached image. Do not make any changes attached image. Do not make any changes attached image. Do not make any changes yet. Just answer. Be concise. Page was yet. Just answer. Be concise. Page was yet. Just answer. Be concise. Page was reloading after upload wiping selected reloading after upload wiping selected reloading after upload wiping selected image from memory. Oh my god. If that's image from memory. Oh my god. If that's image from memory. Oh my god. If that's the case, that's going to it's kind of the case, that's going to it's kind of the case, that's going to it's kind of disappointing. Take the attached image disappointing. Take the attached image disappointing. Take the attached image and flip it upside down. Okay, so we and flip it upside down. Okay, so we and flip it upside down. Okay, so we have some debug outputs. So this is have some debug outputs. So this is have some debug outputs. So this is giving me hope. Let's see. Does this giving me hope. Let's see. Does this giving me hope. Let's see. Does this reload? Let me refresh. Oh, there we go. reload? Let me refresh. Oh, there we go. reload? Let me refresh. Oh, there we go. Finally. And it's actually good. Gemini. Finally. And it's actually good. Gemini. Finally. And it's actually good. Gemini. Wow. 2.5 flash. This is very impressive, Wow. 2.5 flash. This is very impressive, Wow. 2.5 flash. This is very impressive, guys. Wow. That's crazy. That's actually guys. Wow. That's crazy. That's actually guys. Wow. That's crazy. That's actually kind of crazy to be honest. So, we've kind of crazy to be honest. So, we've kind of crazy to be honest. So, we've defeated this step. Beautiful. defeated this step. Beautiful. defeated this step. Beautiful. Uh, it was a dumb issue, but some debug Uh, it was a dumb issue, but some debug Uh, it was a dumb issue, but some debug logs expose the issue. So, that's that. logs expose the issue. So, that's that. logs expose the issue. So, that's that. What I'm going to do is I'm going to do What I'm going to do is I'm going to do What I'm going to do is I'm going to do compact so we can reset the context a compact so we can reset the context a compact so we can reset the context a bit. And we're going to focus on making bit. And we're going to focus on making bit. And we're going to focus on making the conversational the conversational the conversational chat work. And actually, I'm going to chat work. And actually, I'm going to chat work. And actually, I'm going to interrupt this prompt. I'm going to interrupt this prompt. I'm going to interrupt this prompt. I'm going to switch to low. And we're going to switch to low. And we're going to switch to low. And we're going to speedrun the conversational speedrun the conversational speedrun the conversational chat because uh I'm not sure this works. chat because uh I'm not sure this works. chat because uh I'm not sure this works. So, generate an image of a blue dog So, generate an image of a blue dog So, generate an image of a blue dog battle boarding. Okay, let's see. When battle boarding. Okay, let's see. When battle boarding. Okay, let's see. When we copy that prompt, let's see if this we copy that prompt, let's see if this we copy that prompt, let's see if this actually works or not. And we'll say um actually works or not. And we'll say um actually works or not. And we'll say um goal boom goal verify whether this has goal boom goal verify whether this has goal boom goal verify whether this has been implemented fully and properly been implemented fully and properly been implemented fully and properly answer in short. Okay. So does this work answer in short. Okay. So does this work answer in short. Okay. So does this work or not? Reload. What is happening? Right or not? Reload. What is happening? Right or not? Reload. What is happening? Right now this feature doesn't work at all. Uh now this feature doesn't work at all. Uh now this feature doesn't work at all. Uh the messages get lost. The chat history the messages get lost. The chat history the messages get lost. The chat history is not persisted. We should be saving it is not persisted. We should be saving it is not persisted. We should be saving it in some JSON or some SQLite database. in some JSON or some SQLite database. in some JSON or some SQLite database. But the main issue is that it doesn't But the main issue is that it doesn't But the main issue is that it doesn't work. So make sure to refactor the chat work. So make sure to refactor the chat work. So make sure to refactor the chat conversational functionality, the chat conversational functionality, the chat conversational functionality, the chat assistant, not only to have a nicer UI, assistant, not only to have a nicer UI, assistant, not only to have a nicer UI, but also to actually work. Okay, so I'm but also to actually work. Okay, so I'm but also to actually work. Okay, so I'm going to do something crazy. I'm going going to do something crazy. I'm going going to do something crazy. I'm going to start working on the tree to start working on the tree to start working on the tree functionality. I'm going to do feature. functionality. I'm going to do feature. functionality. I'm going to do feature. I'll say execute this feature like a a I'll say execute this feature like a a I'll say execute this feature like a a 10x engineer would. The UI should be 10x engineer would. The UI should be 10x engineer would. The UI should be clean, minimalist, impressive, and clean, minimalist, impressive, and clean, minimalist, impressive, and interactive. Built on top the existing interactive. Built on top the existing interactive. Built on top the existing codebase. Do not refactor what works. codebase. Do not refactor what works. codebase. Do not refactor what works. Think hard, answer short. So I'm going Think hard, answer short. So I'm going Think hard, answer short. So I'm going to start a codeex with highing effort on to start a codeex with highing effort on to start a codeex with highing effort on the tree UI which I showed you earlier. the tree UI which I showed you earlier. the tree UI which I showed you earlier. I mean honestly like the you know that's I mean honestly like the you know that's I mean honestly like the you know that's not needed for the main functionality not needed for the main functionality not needed for the main functionality but uh I want to show that. So my goal but uh I want to show that. So my goal but uh I want to show that. So my goal with this is to literally show you what with this is to literally show you what with this is to literally show you what I built earlier today in vectal. So I I built earlier today in vectal. So I I built earlier today in vectal. So I already solved these issues once. So already solved these issues once. So already solved these issues once. So it's kind of frustrating for me to do it's kind of frustrating for me to do it's kind of frustrating for me to do this again. Uh I guess it's my fault not this again. Uh I guess it's my fault not this again. Uh I guess it's my fault not remembering the solution. But anyways, I remembering the solution. But anyways, I remembering the solution. But anyways, I implemented the exact same thing in implemented the exact same thing in implemented the exact same thing in vector, right? So you can just select vector, right? So you can just select vector, right? So you can just select the nanobanana model and you can say the nanobanana model and you can say the nanobanana model and you can say generate generate generate an image of a blue dog paddle boarding an image of a blue dog paddle boarding an image of a blue dog paddle boarding on a huge Hudson River in NYC. So I was on a huge Hudson River in NYC. So I was on a huge Hudson River in NYC. So I was just in NYC. The vlog is coming soon. just in NYC. The vlog is coming soon. just in NYC. The vlog is coming soon. So, make sure to subscribe not to miss So, make sure to subscribe not to miss So, make sure to subscribe not to miss the David Andre New York City vlog. But the David Andre New York City vlog. But the David Andre New York City vlog. But let's see. So, sure. Here you go. And let's see. So, sure. Here you go. And let's see. So, sure. Here you go. And there we go. This is definitely New there we go. This is definitely New there we go. This is definitely New York. So, we have the blue dog. And look York. So, we have the blue dog. And look York. So, we have the blue dog. And look at this. Like Hudson River. Amazing. at this. Like Hudson River. Amazing. at this. Like Hudson River. Amazing. Brooklyn Bridge. Crazy. This is crazy Brooklyn Bridge. Crazy. This is crazy Brooklyn Bridge. Crazy. This is crazy good, actually. I'm going to say add a good, actually. I'm going to say add a good, actually. I'm going to say add a cat on the paddle board as well. Keep cat on the paddle board as well. Keep cat on the paddle board as well. Keep everything the same. So, again, the goal everything the same. So, again, the goal everything the same. So, again, the goal with what I'm showing you here is with what I'm showing you here is with what I'm showing you here is literally practicing what I preach, literally practicing what I preach, literally practicing what I preach, right? I built this in vector. I'm not right? I built this in vector. I'm not right? I built this in vector. I'm not gatekeeping anything. Okay, so this is gatekeeping anything. Okay, so this is gatekeeping anything. Okay, so this is annoying bug. I'm going have to fix annoying bug. I'm going have to fix annoying bug. I'm going have to fix that. But it should still generate the that. But it should still generate the that. But it should still generate the image. There we go. There we go. Look at image. There we go. There we go. Look at image. There we go. There we go. Look at this consistency, guys. This has never this consistency, guys. This has never this consistency, guys. This has never been possible until Nano Banana. We have been possible until Nano Banana. We have been possible until Nano Banana. We have a dog and we have like this is crazy. a dog and we have like this is crazy. a dog and we have like this is crazy. This is insane. This is incredible. This is insane. This is incredible. This is insane. This is incredible. Incredible. So yeah, all of you can use Incredible. So yeah, all of you can use Incredible. So yeah, all of you can use Nanobanana in vectal for free. But I'm Nanobanana in vectal for free. But I'm Nanobanana in vectal for free. But I'm also showing you how you can build your also showing you how you can build your also showing you how you can build your AI agents in case you want to build a AI agents in case you want to build a AI agents in case you want to build a SAS, in case you want to build a startup SAS, in case you want to build a startup SAS, in case you want to build a startup for a specific niche with this. Just for a specific niche with this. Just for a specific niche with this. Just follow what I'm doing in this video and follow what I'm doing in this video and follow what I'm doing in this video and I'm also showing you how to debug this. I'm also showing you how to debug this. I'm also showing you how to debug this. What is happening here? A Python app. What is happening here? A Python app. What is happening here? A Python app. No, while I did not give you permission No, while I did not give you permission No, while I did not give you permission to launch the app, it's already running. to launch the app, it's already running. to launch the app, it's already running. Okay. Okay. Let's test out the Okay. Okay. Let's test out the Okay. Okay. Let's test out the assistant. Let's see if it's fixed. But assistant. Let's see if it's fixed. But assistant. Let's see if it's fixed. But I'm not going to stress too much over I'm not going to stress too much over I'm not going to stress too much over that. So, I'm going to say generate an that. So, I'm going to say generate an that. So, I'm going to say generate an image of an abstract tree. Send. Let's image of an abstract tree. Send. Let's image of an abstract tree. Send. Let's check the back end terminal. So look how check the back end terminal. So look how check the back end terminal. So look how long codeex is thinking. It can it can long codeex is thinking. It can it can long codeex is thinking. It can it can think for like five seven minutes think for like five seven minutes think for like five seven minutes easily. Clo doesn't have that much easily. Clo doesn't have that much easily. Clo doesn't have that much reasoning. So this is already better. We reasoning. So this is already better. We reasoning. So this is already better. We haven't lost the message and we see some haven't lost the message and we see some haven't lost the message and we see some UI here. UI here. UI here. Let's see if this actually works. Let's see if this actually works. Let's see if this actually works. Sometimes it fails. You can see that Sometimes it fails. You can see that Sometimes it fails. You can see that nana banana is not that stable. Okay. So nana banana is not that stable. Okay. So nana banana is not that stable. Okay. So it generated the rows northern abstract it generated the rows northern abstract it generated the rows northern abstract tree. Let's see if that's finished or tree. Let's see if that's finished or tree. Let's see if that's finished or not. So the responses aren't being not. So the responses aren't being not. So the responses aren't being displayed properly. That's unfortunate. displayed properly. That's unfortunate. displayed properly. That's unfortunate. But we have the codeex making the tree But we have the codeex making the tree But we have the codeex making the tree interactive tree in the meantime. So interactive tree in the meantime. So interactive tree in the meantime. So that might be fighting with our changes that might be fighting with our changes that might be fighting with our changes again trying to do multiple things at again trying to do multiple things at again trying to do multiple things at once to save time. Let's start our app once to save time. Let's start our app once to save time. Let's start our app again. We have the start command here. again. We have the start command here. again. We have the start command here. Super simple. We go. Let's open the Super simple. We go. Let's open the Super simple. We go. Let's open the local host local host local host tree. tree. tree. Okay. So here we have the dashboard. Okay. So here we have the dashboard. Okay. So here we have the dashboard. Let's upload something. This doesn't Let's upload something. This doesn't Let's upload something. This doesn't really work though. The upload button in really work though. The upload button in really work though. The upload button in the tree canvas doesn't really work. the tree canvas doesn't really work. the tree canvas doesn't really work. Generant enter prompt. Press E to jump Generant enter prompt. Press E to jump Generant enter prompt. Press E to jump to the chat. to the chat. to the chat. I mean, we there's like a lot of I mean, we there's like a lot of I mean, we there's like a lot of potential here, but we just don't have potential here, but we just don't have potential here, but we just don't have it. Okay. Upload. Oh, there we go. Let's it. Okay. Upload. Oh, there we go. Let's it. Okay. Upload. Oh, there we go. Let's go. Okay. Oh, let's go. We're cooking go. Okay. Oh, let's go. We're cooking go. Okay. Oh, let's go. We're cooking here. Let's click on variant. Is here. Let's click on variant. Is here. Let's click on variant. Is something happening? So, we have, look something happening? So, we have, look something happening? So, we have, look at this. We have an image on the board. at this. We have an image on the board. at this. We have an image on the board. It's much more visual, much more It's much more visual, much more It's much more visual, much more interactive. can say great job the issue interactive. can say great job the issue interactive. can say great job the issue is fixed. However, when I click variant, is fixed. However, when I click variant, is fixed. However, when I click variant, nothing happens. Instead, what should nothing happens. Instead, what should nothing happens. Instead, what should happen is we should send a simple prompt happen is we should send a simple prompt happen is we should send a simple prompt to the GBD5 mini agent which is to the GBD5 mini agent which is to the GBD5 mini agent which is responsible for generating four responsible for generating four responsible for generating four variations and then it should generate variations and then it should generate variations and then it should generate the four variations using the existing the four variations using the existing the four variations using the existing code which works and then we should show code which works and then we should show code which works and then we should show these on the canvas in the tree search. these on the canvas in the tree search. these on the canvas in the tree search. Analyze the codebase, figure out where Analyze the codebase, figure out where Analyze the codebase, figure out where the issue is and make sure that the the issue is and make sure that the the issue is and make sure that the variant variant variant button actually works. So really the way button actually works. So really the way button actually works. So really the way you want to work is use cloth code for you want to work is use cloth code for you want to work is use cloth code for explanation. Cloth code should be explanation. Cloth code should be explanation. Cloth code should be upsklling yourself. It should be gaining upsklling yourself. It should be gaining upsklling yourself. It should be gaining understanding for yourself and understanding for yourself and understanding for yourself and generating new ideas. But most of the generating new ideas. But most of the generating new ideas. But most of the time Codex has better ideas and you can time Codex has better ideas and you can time Codex has better ideas and you can actually compare these you know give the actually compare these you know give the actually compare these you know give the output from cloud code into Codex. Give output from cloud code into Codex. Give output from cloud code into Codex. Give the output from COX into cloud code. the output from COX into cloud code. the output from COX into cloud code. This is literally how I work every This is literally how I work every This is literally how I work every single day. But uh you want to use both single day. But uh you want to use both single day. But uh you want to use both and CEX is more powerful right now. So and CEX is more powerful right now. So and CEX is more powerful right now. So again, if you want me to make a full again, if you want me to make a full again, if you want me to make a full video on that, comment below with the video on that, comment below with the video on that, comment below with the word codeex and also subscribe. If I see word codeex and also subscribe. If I see word codeex and also subscribe. If I see a lot of people subscribing, I'm going a lot of people subscribing, I'm going a lot of people subscribing, I'm going to make that video because it is the to make that video because it is the to make that video because it is the most OP AI agent as of right now. Yeah. most OP AI agent as of right now. Yeah. most OP AI agent as of right now. Yeah. So this is um this is a time to again So this is um this is a time to again So this is um this is a time to again debug this a bit. Even though this is debug this a bit. Even though this is debug this a bit. Even though this is already a huge step in the right already a huge step in the right already a huge step in the right direction, I do want to show you guys direction, I do want to show you guys direction, I do want to show you guys the branching out because that is the the branching out because that is the the branching out because that is the that is the most impressive part to be that is the most impressive part to be that is the most impressive part to be honest. So I just wanted to add some u honest. So I just wanted to add some u honest. So I just wanted to add some u debug log statement so we can actually debug log statement so we can actually debug log statement so we can actually be strategic and not just randomly be strategic and not just randomly be strategic and not just randomly not do anything. When I click the not do anything. When I click the not do anything. When I click the variant button in the tree view nothing variant button in the tree view nothing variant button in the tree view nothing happens. Investigate why that is and happens. Investigate why that is and happens. Investigate why that is and answer in short. Do not make any answer in short. Do not make any answer in short. Do not make any changes. Okay. Wait. So we have some changes. Okay. Wait. So we have some changes. Okay. Wait. So we have some front end. Is it going to be front end front end. Is it going to be front end front end. Is it going to be front end console or back end console? Okay. Yeah. console or back end console? Okay. Yeah. console or back end console? Okay. Yeah. This is going to be front. Let's see. This is going to be front. Let's see. This is going to be front. Let's see. Variant. Variant. Variant. Am I crazy? What's going on? Okay. This Am I crazy? What's going on? Okay. This Am I crazy? What's going on? Okay. This is very strange. This button doesn't is very strange. This button doesn't is very strange. This button doesn't even work in the console doesn't even work in the console doesn't even work in the console doesn't display. So might be issue with the display. So might be issue with the display. So might be issue with the fundamental UI fundamental UI fundamental UI like the click isn't even registered like the click isn't even registered like the click isn't even registered here. Okay, cloud code is suggesting here. Okay, cloud code is suggesting here. Okay, cloud code is suggesting that the click handler is the problem. that the click handler is the problem. that the click handler is the problem. So now both of these agents are fighting So now both of these agents are fighting So now both of these agents are fighting against each other because both are against each other because both are against each other because both are trying to change the same file. Oh, trying to change the same file. Oh, trying to change the same file. Oh, let's go. Let's go. So, this is very bad let's go. Let's go. So, this is very bad let's go. Let's go. So, this is very bad UI, but I'm going to say uh UI, but I'm going to say uh UI, but I'm going to say uh more more more colorful versions. Okay. Okay. Boom. colorful versions. Okay. Okay. Boom. colorful versions. Okay. Okay. Boom. There we go. All right. We are back on There we go. All right. We are back on There we go. All right. We are back on we're back on track. So, we have the we're back on track. So, we have the we're back on track. So, we have the four versions generating. Nice. This is four versions generating. Nice. This is four versions generating. Nice. This is nice. nice. nice. This blue box is kind of annoying. This blue box is kind of annoying. This blue box is kind of annoying. Remove the blue box um of the tree view. Remove the blue box um of the tree view. Remove the blue box um of the tree view. Network error we're creating. Wait. Network error we're creating. Wait. Network error we're creating. Wait. Okay. We got a network error. That's not Okay. We got a network error. That's not Okay. We got a network error. That's not the best. Okay. Oh, it worked. It the best. Okay. Oh, it worked. It the best. Okay. Oh, it worked. It actually worked. Never mind. So, after a actually worked. Never mind. So, after a actually worked. Never mind. So, after a bunch of errors, we got it to work. This bunch of errors, we got it to work. This bunch of errors, we got it to work. This is This is nice. This is nice. And then is This is nice. This is nice. And then is This is nice. This is nice. And then we can hover over any of these and make we can hover over any of these and make we can hover over any of these and make a variant. So, let's say I like this a variant. So, let's say I like this a variant. So, let's say I like this one. Boom. Variant. I say u one. Boom. Variant. I say u one. Boom. Variant. I say u rotate each version by 90°. I don't rotate each version by 90°. I don't rotate each version by 90°. I don't know. Okay. And there we go. Look at know. Okay. And there we go. Look at know. Okay. And there we go. Look at this. And this is the tree UI that is this. And this is the tree UI that is this. And this is the tree UI that is like much nicer to work with images than like much nicer to work with images than like much nicer to work with images than just chat, right? So this is an example just chat, right? So this is an example just chat, right? So this is an example of a single app you can build and even of a single app you can build and even of a single app you can build and even though I faced a bunch of errors, it though I faced a bunch of errors, it though I faced a bunch of errors, it took me like 90 minutes to build this took me like 90 minutes to build this took me like 90 minutes to build this right in grand total amount of time. right in grand total amount of time. right in grand total amount of time. And I'm definitely not a professional And I'm definitely not a professional And I'm definitely not a professional developer. So if you want to take Nano developer. So if you want to take Nano developer. So if you want to take Nano Banana and turn it into a startup, you Banana and turn it into a startup, you Banana and turn it into a startup, you know, maybe you're targeting clothing know, maybe you're targeting clothing know, maybe you're targeting clothing companies like some of our new society companies like some of our new society companies like some of our new society members do, maybe you're targeting um members do, maybe you're targeting um members do, maybe you're targeting um social media, right? like Facebook ads social media, right? like Facebook ads social media, right? like Facebook ads creatives for marketing campaigns, maybe creatives for marketing campaigns, maybe creatives for marketing campaigns, maybe you want to make thumbnails for you want to make thumbnails for you want to make thumbnails for YouTubers, whatever you want to do. The YouTubers, whatever you want to do. The YouTubers, whatever you want to do. The opportunities are endless with this opportunities are endless with this opportunities are endless with this model. Like stuff like this wasn't even model. Like stuff like this wasn't even model. Like stuff like this wasn't even possible a week ago. So, that's why I'm possible a week ago. So, that's why I'm possible a week ago. So, that's why I'm so hyped about it. That's why I so hyped about it. That's why I so hyped about it. That's why I literally couldn't sleep today. I woke literally couldn't sleep today. I woke literally couldn't sleep today. I woke up at like 3:00 a.m. and I added it into up at like 3:00 a.m. and I added it into up at like 3:00 a.m. and I added it into vectal because um yeah, this is a vectal because um yeah, this is a vectal because um yeah, this is a revolutionary model for different revolutionary model for different revolutionary model for different reasons, right? It's not like better reasons, right? It's not like better reasons, right? It's not like better than midjourney at generation. It's than midjourney at generation. It's than midjourney at generation. It's better at consistency. Like this is better at consistency. Like this is better at consistency. Like this is crazy. Everything else is the same here. crazy. Everything else is the same here. crazy. Everything else is the same here. It just added the cat and it looks super It just added the cat and it looks super It just added the cat and it looks super good. Like the cat isn't like glitched good. Like the cat isn't like glitched good. Like the cat isn't like glitched or anything. It's amazing. So, if you or anything. It's amazing. So, if you or anything. It's amazing. So, if you want to try Nano Banana yourself, go to want to try Nano Banana yourself, go to want to try Nano Banana yourself, go to vectal.ai. Just type it in, create an vectal.ai. Just type it in, create an vectal.ai. Just type it in, create an account. Super easy. Takes 30 seconds account. Super easy. Takes 30 seconds account. Super easy. Takes 30 seconds and you can use it for free. Even on the and you can use it for free. Even on the and you can use it for free. Even on the free plan, you can use it. If you want free plan, you can use it. If you want free plan, you can use it. If you want unlimited access, however, Veal Pro unlimited access, however, Veal Pro unlimited access, however, Veal Pro members get unlimited access to Nano members get unlimited access to Nano members get unlimited access to Nano Banana inside of the chat. And let me Banana inside of the chat. And let me Banana inside of the chat. And let me know what you think of this full screen know what you think of this full screen know what you think of this full screen functionality. A lot of you guys have functionality. A lot of you guys have functionality. A lot of you guys have requested it, so we added it. So now you requested it, so we added it. So now you requested it, so we added it. So now you can chat with actal just like you can can chat with actal just like you can can chat with actal just like you can with chat GBT. So with that being said, with chat GBT. So with that being said, with chat GBT. So with that being said, thank you guys for watching. Hopefully thank you guys for watching. Hopefully thank you guys for watching. Hopefully you enjoy this video. If you want me to you enjoy this video. If you want me to you enjoy this video. If you want me to make more videos on Nana Banana, comment make more videos on Nana Banana, comment make more videos on Nana Banana, comment below and I wish you a wonderful below and I wish you a wonderful below and I wish you a wonderful productive week. See you.
