Title: Kimi Agent Mode： NEW Powerful Coding Agent Can Build ANYTHING! (FULLY FREE!)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

Looks like the team behind the Kim Ketu Looks like the team behind the Kim Ketu Looks like the team behind the Kim Ketu model has introduced a significant new model has introduced a significant new model has introduced a significant new development with the launch of okay development with the launch of okay development with the launch of okay computer an aentic AI mode designed to computer an aentic AI mode designed to computer an aentic AI mode designed to go far beyond traditional chat go far beyond traditional chat go far beyond traditional chat capabilities which is where they've capabilities which is where they've capabilities which is where they've introduced the new agent mode to the introduced the new agent mode to the introduced the new agent mode to the Kimik K2 model. OK computer acts as an Kimik K2 model. OK computer acts as an Kimik K2 model. OK computer acts as an AI product and engineering team. It's AI product and engineering team. It's AI product and engineering team. It's capable of moving from simple text capable of moving from simple text capable of moving from simple text prompts to complex multi-step websites, prompts to complex multi-step websites, prompts to complex multi-step websites, mobile first designs, and even editable mobile first designs, and even editable mobile first designs, and even editable slide decks. It is able to process slide decks. It is able to process slide decks. It is able to process massive data sets up to million rows and massive data sets up to million rows and massive data sets up to million rows and transform them into interactive transform them into interactive transform them into interactive dashboards for analysis as well as dashboards for analysis as well as dashboards for analysis as well as visualization. Essentially, the new Kim visualization. Essentially, the new Kim visualization. Essentially, the new Kim K2 computer is an agent mode that can K2 computer is an agent mode that can K2 computer is an agent mode that can autonomously automate any sort of task autonomously automate any sort of task autonomously automate any sort of task from building full stack applications to from building full stack applications to from building full stack applications to browsing the web to creating images and browsing the web to creating images and browsing the web to creating images and so much more. The system is trained to so much more. The system is trained to so much more. The system is trained to work natively with tools like file work natively with tools like file work natively with tools like file systems, browsers, as well as the systems, browsers, as well as the systems, browsers, as well as the terminal. And it gives the ability to terminal. And it gives the ability to terminal. And it gives the ability to execute tasks rather than just execute tasks rather than just execute tasks rather than just describing them. It's built on describing them. It's built on describing them. It's built on turbocharged version of K2 and it turbocharged version of K2 and it turbocharged version of K2 and it supports more steps, tokens, and tools supports more steps, tokens, and tools supports more steps, tokens, and tools that standard chat modes aren't capable that standard chat modes aren't capable that standard chat modes aren't capable of doing. It allows for deeper reasoning of doing. It allows for deeper reasoning of doing. It allows for deeper reasoning and more complex operations. This and more complex operations. This and more complex operations. This upgrade overall gives the model a degree upgrade overall gives the model a degree upgrade overall gives the model a degree of autonomy and it enables it to scoop of autonomy and it enables it to scoop of autonomy and it enables it to scoop projects, create surveys, design projects, create surveys, design projects, create surveys, design workflows, and rapidly build almost workflows, and rapidly build almost workflows, and rapidly build almost anything. And what you'll realize while anything. And what you'll realize while anything. And what you'll realize while using OK Computer is that it is using OK Computer is that it is using OK Computer is that it is something that acts like a generalist AI something that acts like a generalist AI something that acts like a generalist AI agent in terms of having all the agent in terms of having all the agent in terms of having all the different tool sets that a general agent different tool sets that a general agent different tool sets that a general agent would be capable of doing like deep would be capable of doing like deep would be capable of doing like deep research, data analysis, creating files, research, data analysis, creating files, research, data analysis, creating files, using the terminal, and so much more. using the terminal, and so much more. using the terminal, and so much more. This is something that you can access This is something that you can access This is something that you can access for free directly through the Kimi for free directly through the Kimi for free directly through the Kimi chatbot. Just take a look at this demo chatbot. Just take a look at this demo chatbot. Just take a look at this demo where the Kimik K2 Asian mode was able where the Kimik K2 Asian mode was able where the Kimik K2 Asian mode was able to build a Minecraft clone which looks to build a Minecraft clone which looks to build a Minecraft clone which looks absolutely amazing. You have different absolutely amazing. You have different absolutely amazing. You have different terrains. You have the ability to walk, terrains. You have the ability to walk, terrains. You have the ability to walk, place blocks, even break it. And it place blocks, even break it. And it place blocks, even break it. And it implemented all the different physics a implemented all the different physics a implemented all the different physics a part of the Minecraft game. And it was part of the Minecraft game. And it was part of the Minecraft game. And it was able to easily develop this with the able to easily develop this with the able to easily develop this with the Asia mode quite rapidly. Asia mode quite rapidly. Asia mode quite rapidly. To access the new agent mode, you're To access the new agent mode, you're To access the new agent mode, you're going to need to head over to Kim's going to need to head over to Kim's going to need to head over to Kim's chatbot, which I'll leave a link to in chatbot, which I'll leave a link to in chatbot, which I'll leave a link to in the description below. And you can the description below. And you can the description below. And you can simply create an account completely for simply create an account completely for simply create an account completely for free. And to access the okay mode or the free. And to access the okay mode or the free. And to access the okay mode or the agent mode, just simply enable it by agent mode, just simply enable it by agent mode, just simply enable it by clicking on this. And you can see that clicking on this. And you can see that clicking on this. And you can see that there's only three free sessions per there's only three free sessions per there's only three free sessions per month available, which is kind of month available, which is kind of month available, which is kind of unfortunate. I wished that they would unfortunate. I wished that they would unfortunate. I wished that they would give a lot more access, but I guess this give a lot more access, but I guess this give a lot more access, but I guess this is better than nothing. But you're going is better than nothing. But you're going is better than nothing. But you're going to be able to get pretty good to be able to get pretty good to be able to get pretty good generations with the free usage. And you generations with the free usage. And you generations with the free usage. And you can obviously just create multiple can obviously just create multiple can obviously just create multiple accounts and just get more usage out of accounts and just get more usage out of accounts and just get more usage out of that. But after enabled, you can now that. But after enabled, you can now that. But after enabled, you can now work on building anything full stack work on building anything full stack work on building anything full stack apps doing deep analysis on your data apps doing deep analysis on your data apps doing deep analysis on your data where you can process millions of rows where you can process millions of rows where you can process millions of rows through Excel sheets that you can simply through Excel sheets that you can simply through Excel sheets that you can simply upload or just have it do deep research upload or just have it do deep research upload or just have it do deep research and create various sorts of reports. You and create various sorts of reports. You and create various sorts of reports. You have a lot of flexibility with this. I'm have a lot of flexibility with this. I'm have a lot of flexibility with this. I'm just testing it out, but I simply had it just testing it out, but I simply had it just testing it out, but I simply had it requested to build a crypto trading requested to build a crypto trading requested to build a crypto trading deck, a crypto trading platform where deck, a crypto trading platform where deck, a crypto trading platform where you can trade various sorts of you can trade various sorts of you can trade various sorts of cryptocurrencies. And you can see that cryptocurrencies. And you can see that cryptocurrencies. And you can see that it first starts off by creating a to-do it first starts off by creating a to-do it first starts off by creating a to-do list, a plan that would be deployed to list, a plan that would be deployed to list, a plan that would be deployed to multiple agents to tackle all these multiple agents to tackle all these multiple agents to tackle all these different tasks like researching and different tasks like researching and different tasks like researching and planning the deck's platform structure planning the deck's platform structure planning the deck's platform structure as well as the feature set, designing as well as the feature set, designing as well as the feature set, designing the interactive components for trading the interactive components for trading the interactive components for trading interface, and a couple other things. interface, and a couple other things. interface, and a couple other things. And from there, it's going to work on And from there, it's going to work on And from there, it's going to work on the deep research phase where it's going the deep research phase where it's going the deep research phase where it's going to work on compiling different sources to work on compiling different sources to work on compiling different sources to help give more context for the agents to help give more context for the agents to help give more context for the agents to actually work with to build our to actually work with to build our to actually work with to build our product, which is a dex. And what I love product, which is a dex. And what I love product, which is a dex. And what I love about this Asia mode is that it also has about this Asia mode is that it also has about this Asia mode is that it also has ability to create images on its own. It ability to create images on its own. It ability to create images on its own. It has ability to write code obviously, has ability to write code obviously, has ability to write code obviously, which it's doing at this current moment. which it's doing at this current moment. which it's doing at this current moment. And it's going to work on thoroughly And it's going to work on thoroughly And it's going to work on thoroughly taking its time to build out our taking its time to build out our taking its time to build out our application. You can see there's 12 application. You can see there's 12 application. You can see there's 12 different subtasks part of this process different subtasks part of this process different subtasks part of this process of creating our app and it's currently of creating our app and it's currently of creating our app and it's currently at the seven step and over time it's at the seven step and over time it's at the seven step and over time it's going to work on thoroughly building out going to work on thoroughly building out going to work on thoroughly building out a highquality application for us. Also, a highquality application for us. Also, a highquality application for us. Also, just a quick side note, if you haven't just a quick side note, if you haven't just a quick side note, if you haven't noticed on my second channel recently, I noticed on my second channel recently, I noticed on my second channel recently, I have been constantly posting new AI news have been constantly posting new AI news have been constantly posting new AI news content with my team. So, if you are content with my team. So, if you are content with my team. So, if you are interested in learning on what is interested in learning on what is interested in learning on what is happening on a daily basis in the AI happening on a daily basis in the AI happening on a daily basis in the AI space, I highly recommend that you take space, I highly recommend that you take space, I highly recommend that you take a look at this with the link in the a look at this with the link in the a look at this with the link in the description below. Now, yes, this is description below. Now, yes, this is description below. Now, yes, this is free, but the only downside I personally free, but the only downside I personally free, but the only downside I personally saw is that it takes a really long time saw is that it takes a really long time saw is that it takes a really long time to get your generations outputed. I have to get your generations outputed. I have to get your generations outputed. I have been waiting approximately 10 minutes been waiting approximately 10 minutes been waiting approximately 10 minutes currently, and it's still stuck on 7 out currently, and it's still stuck on 7 out currently, and it's still stuck on 7 out of 12 for the task progress of creating of 12 for the task progress of creating of 12 for the task progress of creating our product decks. our product decks. our product decks. Now, I know it may take some time to Now, I know it may take some time to Now, I know it may take some time to generate whatever you had requested with generate whatever you had requested with generate whatever you had requested with agent mode, but the quality of Alpa is agent mode, but the quality of Alpa is agent mode, but the quality of Alpa is truly insane. This is our trading deck, truly insane. This is our trading deck, truly insane. This is our trading deck, which looks absolutely amazing. The UI which looks absolutely amazing. The UI which looks absolutely amazing. The UI looks awesome. There's actual components looks awesome. There's actual components looks awesome. There's actual components that have been implemented to our app, that have been implemented to our app, that have been implemented to our app, which looks awesome. You also have it so which looks awesome. You also have it so which looks awesome. You also have it so that there's multiple trading pairs that there's multiple trading pairs that there's multiple trading pairs inside our application, which looks inside our application, which looks inside our application, which looks absolutely amazing. There's different absolutely amazing. There's different absolutely amazing. There's different placeholders with animations and you placeholders with animations and you placeholders with animations and you also have the ability to connect your also have the ability to connect your also have the ability to connect your wallet. Obviously, it's not going to wallet. Obviously, it's not going to wallet. Obviously, it's not going to work because we haven't connected work because we haven't connected work because we haven't connected anything to it. But there's multiple anything to it. But there's multiple anything to it. But there's multiple pages to this. There's a portfolio tab pages to this. There's a portfolio tab pages to this. There's a portfolio tab which showcases your overall portfolio which showcases your overall portfolio which showcases your overall portfolio which showcases your different assets which showcases your different assets which showcases your different assets that you have a part of this wallet. You that you have a part of this wallet. You that you have a part of this wallet. You have different markets which is pretty have different markets which is pretty have different markets which is pretty cool because this is something that you cool because this is something that you cool because this is something that you can use to trade different coins like can use to trade different coins like can use to trade different coins like Salana, Avalanche, Polygon, and so many Salana, Avalanche, Polygon, and so many Salana, Avalanche, Polygon, and so many others. But you can see the quality of others. But you can see the quality of others. But you can see the quality of output is truly amazing. And this was output is truly amazing. And this was output is truly amazing. And this was something that it had actually built something that it had actually built something that it had actually built within approximately 20 minutes. It took within approximately 20 minutes. It took within approximately 20 minutes. It took a bit longer than expected, but it did a a bit longer than expected, but it did a a bit longer than expected, but it did a great job with its output. Let's say if great job with its output. Let's say if great job with its output. Let's say if there's a certain component that needs a there's a certain component that needs a there's a certain component that needs a lot of work on, you can go back into the lot of work on, you can go back into the lot of work on, you can go back into the chatbot and you can request okay chatbot and you can request okay chatbot and you can request okay computer to reiterate on that component. computer to reiterate on that component. computer to reiterate on that component. So that way you can basically work with So that way you can basically work with So that way you can basically work with the AI to work on implementing new the AI to work on implementing new the AI to work on implementing new changes as well as improving the basic changes as well as improving the basic changes as well as improving the basic function of that app. But say if you function of that app. But say if you function of that app. But say if you also want to export all the contents also want to export all the contents also want to export all the contents that it has generated like the code that that it has generated like the code that that it has generated like the code that it has written, you can actually export it has written, you can actually export it has written, you can actually export all of the code that it has developed all of the code that it has developed all of the code that it has developed for the application through the actual for the application through the actual for the application through the actual chatbot itself. So this way you can chatbot itself. So this way you can chatbot itself. So this way you can export it and then use it elsewhere. You export it and then use it elsewhere. You export it and then use it elsewhere. You can download all these different files can download all these different files can download all these different files and then you have the ability to then and then you have the ability to then and then you have the ability to then iterate on it further locally. This is iterate on it further locally. This is iterate on it further locally. This is another test I had ran to generate a another test I had ran to generate a another test I had ran to generate a mobile website and the quality is truly mobile website and the quality is truly mobile website and the quality is truly insane. You can see that there's insane. You can see that there's insane. You can see that there's different components that has added different components that has added different components that has added animations as well as different pages animations as well as different pages animations as well as different pages and all of this was fully coded out by and all of this was fully coded out by and all of this was fully coded out by the Asian mode. OK computer it even the Asian mode. OK computer it even the Asian mode. OK computer it even generated all the images a part of this generated all the images a part of this generated all the images a part of this app and I also have the ability to app and I also have the ability to app and I also have the ability to deploy it. So you can see the styling, deploy it. So you can see the styling, deploy it. So you can see the styling, the formatting is perfect for various the formatting is perfect for various the formatting is perfect for various sorts of apps that you can generate sorts of apps that you can generate sorts of apps that you can generate based off the prompt that you give it. based off the prompt that you give it. based off the prompt that you give it. If you like this video and would love to If you like this video and would love to If you like this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's what's click for today's video on the what's click for today's video on the what's click for today's video on the new agent mode by Kimmy. This is new agent mode by Kimmy. This is new agent mode by Kimmy. This is something that will help you rapidly something that will help you rapidly something that will help you rapidly automate and build almost anything. automate and build almost anything. automate and build almost anything. Something that you can easily get Something that you can easily get Something that you can easily get started with completely for free by just started with completely for free by just started with completely for free by just heading over to the kimmy.com website, heading over to the kimmy.com website, heading over to the kimmy.com website, their chatbot. I'll leave all these their chatbot. I'll leave all these their chatbot. I'll leave all these links in the description below. And if links in the description below. And if links in the description below. And if you do run out of these different you do run out of these different you do run out of these different sessions, you can easily just go ahead sessions, you can easily just go ahead sessions, you can easily just go ahead and use another account, which is and use another account, which is and use another account, which is something that I personally did and something that I personally did and something that I personally did and something that I would actually something that I would actually something that I would actually recommend you do. But that's basically recommend you do. But that's basically recommend you do. But that's basically it, guys. I hope you enjoyed today's it, guys. I hope you enjoyed today's it, guys. I hope you enjoyed today's video and got some sort of value. I'll video and got some sort of value. I'll video and got some sort of value. I'll leave these links in the description leave these links in the description leave these links in the description below. Subscribe to the second channel below. Subscribe to the second channel below. Subscribe to the second channel if you haven't already. Make sure you if you haven't already. Make sure you if you haven't already. Make sure you join the newsletter, join the private join the newsletter, join the private join the newsletter, join the private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of content that you will truly benefit content that you will truly benefit content that you will truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and an amazing day, spread positivity, and an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He saw I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He saw I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He saw fs.
