Title: Lemon AI： First-Ever Self-Evolving AI Agent! FULLY FREE Manus Alternative with UI! (Opensource)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

We have seen a surge of generalist AI We have seen a surge of generalist AI We have seen a surge of generalist AI agents recently. Powerful tools that can agents recently. Powerful tools that can agents recently. Powerful tools that can automate almost anything from coding automate almost anything from coding automate almost anything from coding applications to creating powerpoints to applications to creating powerpoints to applications to creating powerpoints to handling research and so much more. handling research and so much more. handling research and so much more. These agents can truly delegate our These agents can truly delegate our These agents can truly delegate our mundane tasks and supercharge mundane tasks and supercharge mundane tasks and supercharge productivity. But there's a big problem. productivity. But there's a big problem. productivity. But there's a big problem. Most of these AI tools or agents are Most of these AI tools or agents are Most of these AI tools or agents are locked behind pay walls or are extremely locked behind pay walls or are extremely locked behind pay walls or are extremely difficult to set up locally, especially difficult to set up locally, especially difficult to set up locally, especially if you want a fully open-source if you want a fully open-source if you want a fully open-source generalist AI agent. That changes today, generalist AI agent. That changes today, generalist AI agent. That changes today, though. I would like to introduce Lemon though. I would like to introduce Lemon though. I would like to introduce Lemon AI, which is the world's first full AI, which is the world's first full AI, which is the world's first full stack fully open-source generalist AI stack fully open-source generalist AI stack fully open-source generalist AI agent that you can run completely agent that you can run completely agent that you can run completely locally as well as for free with locally as well as for free with locally as well as for free with different providers like Olama that you different providers like Olama that you different providers like Olama that you can host models with. Lemon AI is an can host models with. Lemon AI is an can host models with. Lemon AI is an intelligent autonomous agent that can intelligent autonomous agent that can intelligent autonomous agent that can work alongside you to automate virtually work alongside you to automate virtually work alongside you to automate virtually any task. It features an integrated code any task. It features an integrated code any task. It features an integrated code interpreter that works through a sandbox interpreter that works through a sandbox interpreter that works through a sandbox for safe code execution as well as for safe code execution as well as for safe code execution as well as supports everything from deep research supports everything from deep research supports everything from deep research to data analysis to web browsing all to data analysis to web browsing all to data analysis to web browsing all without the cloud. It's powered by without the cloud. It's powered by without the cloud. It's powered by various local models as well as whatever various local models as well as whatever various local models as well as whatever API provider you would want. And LemonAI API provider you would want. And LemonAI API provider you would want. And LemonAI offers various sorts of features from offers various sorts of features from offers various sorts of features from planning, action, reflection as well as planning, action, reflection as well as planning, action, reflection as well as memory. And it ensures complete privacy memory. And it ensures complete privacy memory. And it ensures complete privacy and zero cloud dependencies. In essence, and zero cloud dependencies. In essence, and zero cloud dependencies. In essence, Lemon AI is a fully local alternative to Lemon AI is a fully local alternative to Lemon AI is a fully local alternative to platforms like Manis and GenSpark AI, platforms like Manis and GenSpark AI, platforms like Manis and GenSpark AI, but are 100% free and open source. Just but are 100% free and open source. Just but are 100% free and open source. Just take a look at this example where in take a look at this example where in take a look at this example where in this demo, it was tasked to create a this demo, it was tasked to create a this demo, it was tasked to create a travel plan using an MCP to create map travel plan using an MCP to create map travel plan using an MCP to create map routes and build a custom web page. It routes and build a custom web page. It routes and build a custom web page. It functions exactly like a generalist AI functions exactly like a generalist AI functions exactly like a generalist AI agent. But something that you might not agent. But something that you might not agent. But something that you might not know is that LemonAI doesn't just follow know is that LemonAI doesn't just follow know is that LemonAI doesn't just follow instructions. It's capable of planning, instructions. It's capable of planning, instructions. It's capable of planning, reflecting, and updating, and improving reflecting, and updating, and improving reflecting, and updating, and improving at each step. And this is because of its at each step. And this is because of its at each step. And this is because of its predefined self- evvolving capability predefined self- evvolving capability predefined self- evvolving capability that's built within the agent where it that's built within the agent where it that's built within the agent where it can refine any sort of itinerary or any can refine any sort of itinerary or any can refine any sort of itinerary or any sort of task. and it overall enhances sort of task. and it overall enhances sort of task. and it overall enhances any objective that was given because it any objective that was given because it any objective that was given because it has that capability to keep improving has that capability to keep improving has that capability to keep improving and working on continuous and working on continuous and working on continuous self-improvement. self-improvement. self-improvement. Before we get started, I just want to Before we get started, I just want to Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should definitely go mention that you should definitely go mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. So, this is where you can easily get So, this is where you can easily get So, this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So, happening in the AI space. So, happening in the AI space. So, definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. Here is this is completely for free. Here is this is completely for free. Here is another example where Lemon AI used this another example where Lemon AI used this another example where Lemon AI used this deep research capability to do a market deep research capability to do a market deep research capability to do a market analysis on the Apple stock. And you can analysis on the Apple stock. And you can analysis on the Apple stock. And you can see that it has this capability built see that it has this capability built see that it has this capability built within that it's capable of doing within that it's capable of doing within that it's capable of doing locally where it can do market analysis locally where it can do market analysis locally where it can do market analysis and data analysis thoroughly on any sort and data analysis thoroughly on any sort and data analysis thoroughly on any sort of stock. and it's capable of outputting of stock. and it's capable of outputting of stock. and it's capable of outputting something like a comparison report that something like a comparison report that something like a comparison report that talks about the performance of the stock talks about the performance of the stock talks about the performance of the stock as well as other detailed reports that as well as other detailed reports that as well as other detailed reports that make it super intuitive and super easy make it super intuitive and super easy make it super intuitive and super easy to get a good understanding of the data. to get a good understanding of the data. to get a good understanding of the data. Now, to get started, it is super simple. Now, to get started, it is super simple. Now, to get started, it is super simple. It's not like the other open-source It's not like the other open-source It's not like the other open-source generalist AI agents that are super generalist AI agents that are super generalist AI agents that are super complicated to set up. In terms of the complicated to set up. In terms of the complicated to set up. In terms of the system requirements, you just need to system requirements, you just need to system requirements, you just need to make sure you have Docker Desktop make sure you have Docker Desktop make sure you have Docker Desktop installed on whatever operating system installed on whatever operating system installed on whatever operating system you have. So, make sure you have it you have. So, make sure you have it you have. So, make sure you have it installed. If you're on Windows, make installed. If you're on Windows, make installed. If you're on Windows, make sure you have WSL and Docker Desktop sure you have WSL and Docker Desktop sure you have WSL and Docker Desktop support. So, once you have installed support. So, once you have installed support. So, once you have installed Docker Desktop, make sure you have it Docker Desktop, make sure you have it Docker Desktop, make sure you have it running within the background. And once running within the background. And once running within the background. And once you have it running, all you got to do you have it running, all you got to do you have it running, all you got to do is just simply copy the Docker pull is just simply copy the Docker pull is just simply copy the Docker pull command and just open up WSL or your command and just open up WSL or your command and just open up WSL or your command prompt for Mac OS or for Linux. command prompt for Mac OS or for Linux. command prompt for Mac OS or for Linux. And then now you can just simply paste And then now you can just simply paste And then now you can just simply paste in this command within your terminal. in this command within your terminal. in this command within your terminal. This will easily pull all the different This will easily pull all the different This will easily pull all the different files that are needed to have Lemon AI files that are needed to have Lemon AI files that are needed to have Lemon AI functional on your computer. And then functional on your computer. And then functional on your computer. And then once it has finished pulling, all you once it has finished pulling, all you once it has finished pulling, all you got to do is just run the Docker run got to do is just run the Docker run got to do is just run the Docker run command. So just copy this component and command. So just copy this component and command. So just copy this component and then paste it into your terminal. So it then paste it into your terminal. So it then paste it into your terminal. So it looks like it has finished pulling looks like it has finished pulling looks like it has finished pulling everything. And now I can run it with everything. And now I can run it with everything. And now I can run it with the docker run command. So now let's the docker run command. So now let's the docker run command. So now let's just click enter. And it should start up just click enter. And it should start up just click enter. And it should start up on my local host. It'll then start up on on my local host. It'll then start up on on my local host. It'll then start up on your local host. And you're going to be your local host. And you're going to be your local host. And you're going to be able to now access it through your able to now access it through your able to now access it through your browser. But the first thing you want to browser. But the first thing you want to browser. But the first thing you want to do is select your model. So you can do do is select your model. So you can do do is select your model. So you can do so by simply clicking done, then heading so by simply clicking done, then heading so by simply clicking done, then heading over to the bottom left and clicking on over to the bottom left and clicking on over to the bottom left and clicking on settings. This is where you can settings. This is where you can settings. This is where you can configure things like your model configure things like your model configure things like your model services, search services, and many services, search services, and many services, search services, and many other things. So this is where you can other things. So this is where you can other things. So this is where you can even use Olama to have it linked to an even use Olama to have it linked to an even use Olama to have it linked to an open source model that you have locally open source model that you have locally open source model that you have locally installed. But to save some time, I'm installed. But to save some time, I'm installed. But to save some time, I'm going to be using something like the going to be using something like the going to be using something like the Gemini model as well as maybe even pod Gemini model as well as maybe even pod Gemini model as well as maybe even pod so that I can get better code so that I can get better code so that I can get better code generation. But you can see that how generation. But you can see that how generation. But you can see that how easy it is to easily configure easy it is to easily configure easy it is to easily configure everything. It's super easy to set up everything. It's super easy to set up everything. It's super easy to set up this generalist AI agent locally unlike this generalist AI agent locally unlike this generalist AI agent locally unlike many of the other agents we've showcased many of the other agents we've showcased many of the other agents we've showcased how to set up on our channel. But if you how to set up on our channel. But if you how to set up on our channel. But if you want to implement other things like want to implement other things like want to implement other things like having uh search services implemented having uh search services implemented having uh search services implemented with different providers like Tavly, you with different providers like Tavly, you with different providers like Tavly, you can easily configure that over here. You can easily configure that over here. You can easily configure that over here. You can even add MCPs uh so that you can can even add MCPs uh so that you can can even add MCPs uh so that you can connect other data sources. And then connect other data sources. And then connect other data sources. And then there's even an experience library. there's even an experience library. there's even an experience library. These are basically previous generations These are basically previous generations These are basically previous generations that are already generated within Lemon that are already generated within Lemon that are already generated within Lemon AI so that it basically helps the AI AI so that it basically helps the AI AI so that it basically helps the AI agent better generate future agent better generate future agent better generate future generations. But now if we go back into generations. But now if we go back into generations. But now if we go back into the homepage, we can now work with Lemon the homepage, we can now work with Lemon the homepage, we can now work with Lemon AI to do almost anything. And now you AI to do almost anything. And now you AI to do almost anything. And now you can simply say, "Create me a full-on can simply say, "Create me a full-on can simply say, "Create me a full-on YouTube script writing tool." Select the YouTube script writing tool." Select the YouTube script writing tool." Select the model of your choice, attach any files model of your choice, attach any files model of your choice, attach any files if needed, even attach an MCP, and then if needed, even attach an MCP, and then if needed, even attach an MCP, and then you can send in this prompt. Now, you you can send in this prompt. Now, you you can send in this prompt. Now, you can see that it is going to process it can see that it is going to process it can see that it is going to process it using the Gemini 2.5 Pro, and it will using the Gemini 2.5 Pro, and it will using the Gemini 2.5 Pro, and it will deploy multiple agents to help us deploy multiple agents to help us deploy multiple agents to help us accomplish this task. Currently it looks accomplish this task. Currently it looks accomplish this task. Currently it looks like planning is in process. So it's like planning is in process. So it's like planning is in process. So it's going to work thoroughly to develop a going to work thoroughly to develop a going to work thoroughly to develop a strategic plan to set this up so that strategic plan to set this up so that strategic plan to set this up so that multiple AI agents can tackle it. So multiple AI agents can tackle it. So multiple AI agents can tackle it. So currently it looks like it is focusing currently it looks like it is focusing currently it looks like it is focusing on setting the different requirements on setting the different requirements on setting the different requirements through the MD uh file and you can see through the MD uh file and you can see through the MD uh file and you can see that it is creating that thorough that it is creating that thorough that it is creating that thorough analysis on how to tackle this plan. analysis on how to tackle this plan. analysis on how to tackle this plan. Phase two is where it's going to work on Phase two is where it's going to work on Phase two is where it's going to work on information and data collection. So you information and data collection. So you information and data collection. So you can see right now it is using the Gemini can see right now it is using the Gemini can see right now it is using the Gemini model to source different websites as to model to source different websites as to model to source different websites as to how it can create a full-on YouTube how it can create a full-on YouTube how it can create a full-on YouTube scripting tool. And you can see that scripting tool. And you can see that scripting tool. And you can see that right now it is thoroughly looking right now it is thoroughly looking right now it is thoroughly looking through multiple sites to implement the through multiple sites to implement the through multiple sites to implement the best strategy for script writing. And best strategy for script writing. And best strategy for script writing. And this is where it will compile all the this is where it will compile all the this is where it will compile all the contents it needs to then develop the contents it needs to then develop the contents it needs to then develop the app for it. So it looks like the YouTube app for it. So it looks like the YouTube app for it. So it looks like the YouTube script writer pro has been fully script writer pro has been fully script writer pro has been fully developed now. And it looks absolutely developed now. And it looks absolutely developed now. And it looks absolutely awesome. You can see that it has created awesome. You can see that it has created awesome. You can see that it has created a script editor. It has also provided me a script editor. It has also provided me a script editor. It has also provided me analytics on the script that you have analytics on the script that you have analytics on the script that you have written. And then there's also written. And then there's also written. And then there's also collaboration where you can add team collaboration where you can add team collaboration where you can add team members. Obviously, this is not members. Obviously, this is not members. Obviously, this is not connected yet because it's not something connected yet because it's not something connected yet because it's not something that has been externally added with APIs that has been externally added with APIs that has been externally added with APIs to allow others to access, but you can to allow others to access, but you can to allow others to access, but you can preview your script over here. But now, preview your script over here. But now, preview your script over here. But now, let's actually take a look at a project let's actually take a look at a project let's actually take a look at a project idea that we can script up. So, just idea that we can script up. So, just idea that we can script up. So, just actually take a look at this. There's actually take a look at this. There's actually take a look at this. There's real time SEO score uh inputs which will real time SEO score uh inputs which will real time SEO score uh inputs which will actually score how well your title is actually score how well your title is actually score how well your title is and then you can add a brief description and then you can add a brief description and then you can add a brief description on it. You can then add a category on on it. You can then add a category on on it. You can then add a category on something like a tutorial, how to something like a tutorial, how to something like a tutorial, how to reaction video, etc. You can provide a reaction video, etc. You can provide a reaction video, etc. You can provide a tone and add a couple of different tags. tone and add a couple of different tags. tone and add a couple of different tags. I simply just created the script editor I simply just created the script editor I simply just created the script editor tool that would give me a score on it. tool that would give me a score on it. tool that would give me a score on it. And overall, this was something that it And overall, this was something that it And overall, this was something that it generated quite rapidly. If you like generated quite rapidly. If you like generated quite rapidly. If you like this video and would love to support the this video and would love to support the this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's basically it plus a lot more. But that's basically it plus a lot more. But that's basically it guys for today's video on Lemon AI. This guys for today's video on Lemon AI. This guys for today's video on Lemon AI. This is a great new fullyfree local is a great new fullyfree local is a great new fullyfree local alternative to Manis and GenSpark with alternative to Manis and GenSpark with alternative to Manis and GenSpark with many additional feature sets that aren't many additional feature sets that aren't many additional feature sets that aren't available with other generalist AI available with other generalist AI available with other generalist AI agents. It's super easy to install and agents. It's super easy to install and agents. It's super easy to install and the quality is a lot better than what we the quality is a lot better than what we the quality is a lot better than what we have saw previously with local have saw previously with local have saw previously with local generalist AI agents. I'll leave all generalist AI agents. I'll leave all generalist AI agents. I'll leave all these links in the description below so these links in the description below so these links in the description below so that you can easily get started. But that you can easily get started. But that you can easily get started. But with that thought guys, thank you guys with that thought guys, thank you guys with that thought guys, thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you go so much for watching. Make sure you go so much for watching. Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second channel. This is where I'm going to be channel. This is where I'm going to be channel. This is where I'm going to be posting a lot more. So definitely stay posting a lot more. So definitely stay posting a lot more. So definitely stay tuned over here. Join the newsletter, tuned over here. Join the newsletter, tuned over here. Join the newsletter, join our private Discord, follow me on join our private Discord, follow me on join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there's a at our previous videos because there's a at our previous videos because there's a lot of content that you can truly lot of content that you can truly lot of content that you can truly benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really shortly. He suffers.
