Title: OpenAI NEW Agent Builder： Easily Create AI Agents That Can Automate Anything! n8n Killer？ (Agentkit)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

Looks like Open AI just made a major Looks like Open AI just made a major Looks like Open AI just made a major move in the agentic no code space with move in the agentic no code space with move in the agentic no code space with agent kit and it's basically their agent kit and it's basically their agent kit and it's basically their answer to tools like nen vector shift as answer to tools like nen vector shift as answer to tools like nen vector shift as well as langraph but native to open ai's well as langraph but native to open ai's well as langraph but native to open ai's ecosystem and fully free to access right ecosystem and fully free to access right ecosystem and fully free to access right now. Agent kit is a new endtoend now. Agent kit is a new endtoend now. Agent kit is a new endtoend platform for building deploying and platform for building deploying and platform for building deploying and optimizing AI agents with no coding optimizing AI agents with no coding optimizing AI agents with no coding required. You have key components like required. You have key components like required. You have key components like an agent builder which is a visual an agent builder which is a visual an agent builder which is a visual canvas to design and test various sorts canvas to design and test various sorts canvas to design and test various sorts of multi- aent workflows with a drag and of multi- aent workflows with a drag and of multi- aent workflows with a drag and drop logic builtin guardrails and live drop logic builtin guardrails and live drop logic builtin guardrails and live preview runs. You also have a connector preview runs. You also have a connector preview runs. You also have a connector registry which is a central hub for registry which is a central hub for registry which is a central hub for managing data sources APIs and tools managing data sources APIs and tools managing data sources APIs and tools that connect across open AI products. that connect across open AI products. that connect across open AI products. And lastly, you have a chat kit. This is And lastly, you have a chat kit. This is And lastly, you have a chat kit. This is a customizable chat toolkit that lets a customizable chat toolkit that lets a customizable chat toolkit that lets developers embed agentic UIs directly developers embed agentic UIs directly developers embed agentic UIs directly into their products or websites. But into their products or websites. But into their products or websites. But essentially with agent kit, OpenAI just essentially with agent kit, OpenAI just essentially with agent kit, OpenAI just blurred the line between AI engineering blurred the line between AI engineering blurred the line between AI engineering as well as no code automation which as well as no code automation which as well as no code automation which gives anyone the power to create gives anyone the power to create gives anyone the power to create productionready AI agents visually productionready AI agents visually productionready AI agents visually similar to Nathan Zapier but with native similar to Nathan Zapier but with native similar to Nathan Zapier but with native GPT integration and built-in Eva tools. GPT integration and built-in Eva tools. GPT integration and built-in Eva tools. To get started, it's super simple. Just To get started, it's super simple. Just To get started, it's super simple. Just head over to the open AI platform which head over to the open AI platform which head over to the open AI platform which I'll leave a link to in the description I'll leave a link to in the description I'll leave a link to in the description below. Head over to the agent builder below. Head over to the agent builder below. Head over to the agent builder section and then over here you can open section and then over here you can open section and then over here you can open up agent builder. This will take you to up agent builder. This will take you to up agent builder. This will take you to create a new workflow from scratch. But create a new workflow from scratch. But create a new workflow from scratch. But there's a couple of templates that you there's a couple of templates that you there's a couple of templates that you can access readily like a document can access readily like a document can access readily like a document comparison and internal knowledge comparison and internal knowledge comparison and internal knowledge assistant data enrichment and so many assistant data enrichment and so many assistant data enrichment and so many others. But we're going to go ahead and others. But we're going to go ahead and others. But we're going to go ahead and create one from scratch. And this is create one from scratch. And this is create one from scratch. And this is basically the new canvas of the agent basically the new canvas of the agent basically the new canvas of the agent kit. Before we get started, I just want kit. Before we get started, I just want kit. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should definitely go to mention that you should definitely go to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. So, this is where you can easily get So, this is where you can easily get So, this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So, happening in the AI space. So, happening in the AI space. So, definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. But just this is completely for free. But just this is completely for free. But just take a look at this example where take a look at this example where take a look at this example where HubSpot integrated agent kit's custom HubSpot integrated agent kit's custom HubSpot integrated agent kit's custom response vidget into their AI assistant. response vidget into their AI assistant. response vidget into their AI assistant. And this is where it gives it the And this is where it gives it the And this is where it gives it the capability to search the company's capability to search the company's capability to search the company's knowledge base in real time. You can knowledge base in real time. You can knowledge base in real time. You can retrieve the most relevant information retrieve the most relevant information retrieve the most relevant information and help articles and deliver and help articles and deliver and help articles and deliver personalized support responses directly personalized support responses directly personalized support responses directly to users. This shows how Agent Kit isn't to users. This shows how Agent Kit isn't to users. This shows how Agent Kit isn't just for devs. It's designed for real just for devs. It's designed for real just for devs. It's designed for real businesses so that you can embed aic businesses so that you can embed aic businesses so that you can embed aic logic into customer experiences without logic into customer experiences without logic into customer experiences without building everything from scratch. And building everything from scratch. And building everything from scratch. And obviously you can do the same thing with obviously you can do the same thing with obviously you can do the same thing with Nathan, but this is something that's new Nathan, but this is something that's new Nathan, but this is something that's new and that's why we're actually taking a and that's why we're actually taking a and that's why we're actually taking a look at it so that we can compare and look at it so that we can compare and look at it so that we can compare and see what sort of strengths there are for see what sort of strengths there are for see what sort of strengths there are for agent kit. This is the canvas of the agent kit. This is the canvas of the agent kit. This is the canvas of the agent builder. On the left hand side, agent builder. On the left hand side, agent builder. On the left hand side, you have all the different nodes which you have all the different nodes which you have all the different nodes which are basically action points. You have an are basically action points. You have an are basically action points. You have an agent node which is where you can call agent node which is where you can call agent node which is where you can call the model to perform any action with the model to perform any action with the model to perform any action with instructions and tools. The end is where instructions and tools. The end is where instructions and tools. The end is where you can basically finalize the workflow. you can basically finalize the workflow. you can basically finalize the workflow. You have a start node and an end node. You have a start node and an end node. You have a start node and an end node. Then you have other nodes like a Then you have other nodes like a Then you have other nodes like a document node. You also have file document node. You also have file document node. You also have file search, guard rails, MCPS. You also have search, guard rails, MCPS. You also have search, guard rails, MCPS. You also have logics. So if and else logic, you can logics. So if and else logic, you can logics. So if and else logic, you can also have it so that there's a loop for also have it so that there's a loop for also have it so that there's a loop for different conditions, user approvals. different conditions, user approvals. different conditions, user approvals. And then there's also data nodes where And then there's also data nodes where And then there's also data nodes where you can reshape data as well as set you can reshape data as well as set you can reshape data as well as set state where you can assign values to state where you can assign values to state where you can assign values to workflow state variables. But this is workflow state variables. But this is workflow state variables. But this is essentially where you can drag and drop essentially where you can drag and drop essentially where you can drag and drop these different nodes to perform these different nodes to perform these different nodes to perform different actions to automate different different actions to automate different different actions to automate different things. But if you click on the agent things. But if you click on the agent things. But if you click on the agent node, this is where you can give it a node, this is where you can give it a node, this is where you can give it a name, give it an instruction as to what name, give it an instruction as to what name, give it an instruction as to what you want it to perform like web you want it to perform like web you want it to perform like web searching or you want to create an AI searching or you want to create an AI searching or you want to create an AI agent that will help you process data. agent that will help you process data. agent that will help you process data. You can then select the model of your You can then select the model of your You can then select the model of your choice, a part of the open AI ecosystem, choice, a part of the open AI ecosystem, choice, a part of the open AI ecosystem, which is definitely restrictive if which is definitely restrictive if which is definitely restrictive if you're looking to use other models like you're looking to use other models like you're looking to use other models like Gemini or Claude. But essentially once Gemini or Claude. But essentially once Gemini or Claude. But essentially once you select that, you can uh toggle on or you select that, you can uh toggle on or you select that, you can uh toggle on or off the reasoning effort. You can also off the reasoning effort. You can also off the reasoning effort. You can also implement other tools you can use like a implement other tools you can use like a implement other tools you can use like a client tool, MCPS, file search and etc. client tool, MCPS, file search and etc. client tool, MCPS, file search and etc. You have all the different tools that You have all the different tools that You have all the different tools that open a provides. And if you click more, open a provides. And if you click more, open a provides. And if you click more, there's other options that you can there's other options that you can there's other options that you can tweak, which I wouldn't recommend you do tweak, which I wouldn't recommend you do tweak, which I wouldn't recommend you do right away if you do not know what right away if you do not know what right away if you do not know what you're doing. But just take a look at you're doing. But just take a look at you're doing. But just take a look at this demo workflow, which is a simple this demo workflow, which is a simple this demo workflow, which is a simple workflow to research a set of companies workflow to research a set of companies workflow to research a set of companies using web search and provide a summary using web search and provide a summary using web search and provide a summary analysis. This is where you first start analysis. This is where you first start analysis. This is where you first start off with the user inquiry, which sends off with the user inquiry, which sends off with the user inquiry, which sends it over to the web research agent. This it over to the web research agent. This it over to the web research agent. This web research agent has been configured web research agent has been configured web research agent has been configured and it also has been given a name and a and it also has been given a name and a and it also has been given a name and a couple of instructions where it's stated couple of instructions where it's stated couple of instructions where it's stated that you are a helpful assistant. Use that you are a helpful assistant. Use that you are a helpful assistant. Use web search capabilities to find web search capabilities to find web search capabilities to find information about the following company information about the following company information about the following company that could be used in marketing assets that could be used in marketing assets that could be used in marketing assets based on the underlying logic. From based on the underlying logic. From based on the underlying logic. From there it works on the next step and that there it works on the next step and that there it works on the next step and that is to summarize and display. This is the is to summarize and display. This is the is to summarize and display. This is the next agent that has been configured with next agent that has been configured with next agent that has been configured with another model like the GPT5 and it also another model like the GPT5 and it also another model like the GPT5 and it also has been uh requested to include chat has been uh requested to include chat has been uh requested to include chat history and instruction to put the history and instruction to put the history and instruction to put the research together in a nice display research together in a nice display research together in a nice display using the output format that was using the output format that was using the output format that was described and alternatively you can described and alternatively you can described and alternatively you can convert the results into different convert the results into different convert the results into different structures. But now what we can do is we structures. But now what we can do is we structures. But now what we can do is we can actually take a preview look of can actually take a preview look of can actually take a preview look of this. So if you click on preview, you this. So if you click on preview, you this. So if you click on preview, you can test this out and we can say can test this out and we can say can test this out and we can say something like analyze Nvidia the stock something like analyze Nvidia the stock something like analyze Nvidia the stock and then we can send in this request and and then we can send in this request and and then we can send in this request and you can see that now it is working on you can see that now it is working on you can see that now it is working on using the web research agent where it's using the web research agent where it's using the web research agent where it's looking through different sources like looking through different sources like looking through different sources like Nvidia's website or description and it's Nvidia's website or description and it's Nvidia's website or description and it's now working on a summary and displaying now working on a summary and displaying now working on a summary and displaying that content. And you can see right here that content. And you can see right here that content. And you can see right here that it has done that by providing me that it has done that by providing me that it has done that by providing me the company name, the industry which is the company name, the industry which is the company name, the industry which is on semiconductors and technology on semiconductors and technology on semiconductors and technology headquarters in Santa Clair, company headquarters in Santa Clair, company headquarters in Santa Clair, company size, website, bonding year, as well as size, website, bonding year, as well as size, website, bonding year, as well as a description of what the company does. a description of what the company does. a description of what the company does. And this was a super simple AI agent And this was a super simple AI agent And this was a super simple AI agent that anyone can create with most AI that anyone can create with most AI that anyone can create with most AI agent builders. And you can see how easy agent builders. And you can see how easy agent builders. And you can see how easy it was to actually configure with the it was to actually configure with the it was to actually configure with the agent kit. And after you have configured agent kit. And after you have configured agent kit. And after you have configured your agent, you can click on evaluation. your agent, you can click on evaluation. your agent, you can click on evaluation. This is where you can get a good This is where you can get a good This is where you can get a good understanding of the log as well as how understanding of the log as well as how understanding of the log as well as how the agent is performing and you can the agent is performing and you can the agent is performing and you can evaluate different traces with different evaluate different traces with different evaluate different traces with different tests. Now you can also duplicate this. tests. Now you can also duplicate this. tests. Now you can also duplicate this. You can access the code code for the You can access the code code for the You can access the code code for the chatkit as well as the agent SDK and chatkit as well as the agent SDK and chatkit as well as the agent SDK and then you can also add a domain to this. then you can also add a domain to this. then you can also add a domain to this. And once you have finished configuring And once you have finished configuring And once you have finished configuring it, you can then publish your AI agent it, you can then publish your AI agent it, you can then publish your AI agent so that anyone can access it or you can so that anyone can access it or you can so that anyone can access it or you can basically access it in a production basically access it in a production basically access it in a production environment. Here is another demo environment. Here is another demo environment. Here is another demo example of an AI agent that can perform example of an AI agent that can perform example of an AI agent that can perform different sorts of actions by invoking different sorts of actions by invoking different sorts of actions by invoking the database. So you can get analysis on the database. So you can get analysis on the database. So you can get analysis on different files a part of your database different files a part of your database different files a part of your database with different guard rules that are set with different guard rules that are set with different guard rules that are set so that it accesses it only if user so that it accesses it only if user so that it accesses it only if user input doesn't violate the moderation. input doesn't violate the moderation. input doesn't violate the moderation. It'll then identify each category and It'll then identify each category and It'll then identify each category and then it will provide you a summary of then it will provide you a summary of then it will provide you a summary of it. And you can actually take a preview it. And you can actually take a preview it. And you can actually take a preview of this by sending in a prompt like how of this by sending in a prompt like how of this by sending in a prompt like how many orders did you sell in 2015 and you many orders did you sell in 2015 and you many orders did you sell in 2015 and you can send in this prompt and if it passes can send in this prompt and if it passes can send in this prompt and if it passes the guardrail it will then execute it the guardrail it will then execute it the guardrail it will then execute it using the select agent and it will using the select agent and it will using the select agent and it will select the current the correct condition select the current the correct condition select the current the correct condition and then provide you the correct answer and then provide you the correct answer and then provide you the correct answer afterwards. So you can see that it was afterwards. So you can see that it was afterwards. So you can see that it was able to invoke our database. And the able to invoke our database. And the able to invoke our database. And the total orders is 82k approximately based total orders is 82k approximately based total orders is 82k approximately based off of the dummy data that was set. And off of the dummy data that was set. And off of the dummy data that was set. And this is something that can also process this is something that can also process this is something that can also process large amounts of documents which is large amounts of documents which is large amounts of documents which is great. Now here comes the real question. great. Now here comes the real question. great. Now here comes the real question. Is it better than nan? Well the simple Is it better than nan? Well the simple Is it better than nan? Well the simple answer is Asian kit is definitely not answer is Asian kit is definitely not answer is Asian kit is definitely not superior than n just yet. This is superior than n just yet. This is superior than n just yet. This is because agent kit is definitely fairly because agent kit is definitely fairly because agent kit is definitely fairly new. There's a lot of factors that are new. There's a lot of factors that are new. There's a lot of factors that are still being implemented, but most of the still being implemented, but most of the still being implemented, but most of the reasons why I prefer nan right away is reasons why I prefer nan right away is reasons why I prefer nan right away is because it's a little easier to work because it's a little easier to work because it's a little easier to work with, which also offers a lot of with, which also offers a lot of with, which also offers a lot of customizable and versatility. You have customizable and versatility. You have customizable and versatility. You have the ability to use a lot of different the ability to use a lot of different the ability to use a lot of different nodes in comparison to agent kit, which nodes in comparison to agent kit, which nodes in comparison to agent kit, which is just restricted to the base amount is just restricted to the base amount is just restricted to the base amount which we saw over there. There's more which we saw over there. There's more which we saw over there. There's more agents. There's more flexibility with agents. There's more flexibility with agents. There's more flexibility with models you can use. And it's easier to models you can use. And it's easier to models you can use. And it's easier to prototype to production with the prototype to production with the prototype to production with the pipelines in Nathan. Now, this doesn't pipelines in Nathan. Now, this doesn't pipelines in Nathan. Now, this doesn't mean that agent kit is bad. It's mean that agent kit is bad. It's mean that agent kit is bad. It's definitely a great alternative that you definitely a great alternative that you definitely a great alternative that you can access directly on the web for free, can access directly on the web for free, can access directly on the web for free, and it's powered by a state-of-the-art and it's powered by a state-of-the-art and it's powered by a state-of-the-art models, so you can't really complain models, so you can't really complain models, so you can't really complain much when you're getting offered free much when you're getting offered free much when you're getting offered free access to it. It's something that will access to it. It's something that will access to it. It's something that will be worked upon more, and it will be able be worked upon more, and it will be able be worked upon more, and it will be able to maybe even be on par with Nan in the to maybe even be on par with Nan in the to maybe even be on par with Nan in the future. So in my opinion right now, NE future. So in my opinion right now, NE future. So in my opinion right now, NE is better for multi-providers as well as is better for multi-providers as well as is better for multi-providers as well as higher customizable workflows and agent higher customizable workflows and agent higher customizable workflows and agent kit is something that you can get kit is something that you can get kit is something that you can get started with completely for free today started with completely for free today started with completely for free today and get started on the cloud to build and get started on the cloud to build and get started on the cloud to build basic automations. If you like this basic automations. If you like this basic automations. If you like this video and would love to support the video and would love to support the video and would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's basically plus a lot more. But that's basically plus a lot more. But that's basically it, guys, for today's video on agent it, guys, for today's video on agent it, guys, for today's video on agent kit. This is something that I'll leave a kit. This is something that I'll leave a kit. This is something that I'll leave a link to in the description below so that link to in the description below so that link to in the description below so that you can easily get started. But with you can easily get started. But with you can easily get started. But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so that thought, guys, thank you guys so that thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you go much for watching. Make sure you go much for watching. Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second channel. This where I'm also posting channel. This where I'm also posting channel. This where I'm also posting consistently with my partners. Make sure consistently with my partners. Make sure consistently with my partners. Make sure you go ahead and join the newsletter, you go ahead and join the newsletter, you go ahead and join the newsletter, join our private Discord, follow me on join our private Discord, follow me on join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there's a lot at our previous videos cuz there's a lot at our previous videos cuz there's a lot of content that you will truly benefit of content that you will truly benefit of content that you will truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and an amazing day, spread positivity, and an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He saw.
