Title: OpenSpec： NEW Toolkit Ends Vibe Coding! 100x Better Than Vibe Coding (Full Tutorial)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

Around a month ago, we had taken a look Around a month ago, we had taken a look Around a month ago, we had taken a look at GitHub spec kit, an open-source at GitHub spec kit, an open-source at GitHub spec kit, an open-source toolkit designed to help you get started toolkit designed to help you get started toolkit designed to help you get started with specdriven development. This with specdriven development. This with specdriven development. This approach can greatly improve both your approach can greatly improve both your approach can greatly improve both your code quality and develop efficiency. code quality and develop efficiency. code quality and develop efficiency. It's actually quite incredible because It's actually quite incredible because It's actually quite incredible because it allows AI agents to focus directly on it allows AI agents to focus directly on it allows AI agents to focus directly on specifications that are executable, specifications that are executable, specifications that are executable, meaning they can generate real working meaning they can generate real working meaning they can generate real working implementations, not just vibe code or implementations, not just vibe code or implementations, not just vibe code or random suggestions that sound right but random suggestions that sound right but random suggestions that sound right but don't actually run. Now, this framework don't actually run. Now, this framework don't actually run. Now, this framework is truly impressive and it can greatly is truly impressive and it can greatly is truly impressive and it can greatly elevate your coding workflow, bringing elevate your coding workflow, bringing elevate your coding workflow, bringing structure, clarity, and precision as to structure, clarity, and precision as to structure, clarity, and precision as to how AI collaborates with you. But the how AI collaborates with you. But the how AI collaborates with you. But the main thing is spec kit works best for main thing is spec kit works best for main thing is spec kit works best for brand new projects when you're working brand new projects when you're working brand new projects when you're working from scratch. Once your code base from scratch. Once your code base from scratch. Once your code base evolves, managing updates and changes evolves, managing updates and changes evolves, managing updates and changes across specs become quite messy. It's across specs become quite messy. It's across specs become quite messy. It's not ideal for ongoing development, but not ideal for ongoing development, but not ideal for ongoing development, but that's where OpenSpec comes in. OpenSpec that's where OpenSpec comes in. OpenSpec that's where OpenSpec comes in. OpenSpec is a new toolkit that builds on is a new toolkit that builds on is a new toolkit that builds on specdriven development. It aligns with specdriven development. It aligns with specdriven development. It aligns with humans and AI coding assistants on what humans and AI coding assistants on what humans and AI coding assistants on what to build before any code is written. to build before any code is written. to build before any code is written. It's quite lightweight and it's easier It's quite lightweight and it's easier It's quite lightweight and it's easier to work with than spec kit. It requires to work with than spec kit. It requires to work with than spec kit. It requires no API keys and it ensures your intent no API keys and it ensures your intent no API keys and it ensures your intent is locked before implementation and it's is locked before implementation and it's is locked before implementation and it's going to give you more deterministic going to give you more deterministic going to give you more deterministic reviewable results instead of AI reviewable results instead of AI reviewable results instead of AI guesswork. It keeps everything guesswork. It keeps everything guesswork. It keeps everything structured with proposals, tasks as well structured with proposals, tasks as well structured with proposals, tasks as well as spec updates, making scope changes as spec updates, making scope changes as spec updates, making scope changes auditable and transparent. And unlike auditable and transparent. And unlike auditable and transparent. And unlike different tool and unlike toolkits like different tool and unlike toolkits like different tool and unlike toolkits like spec kit or something like Curo, which spec kit or something like Curo, which spec kit or something like Curo, which shines for new features, openspec shines for new features, openspec shines for new features, openspec evolves when modifying existing systems, evolves when modifying existing systems, evolves when modifying existing systems, cleanly separating your current truth cleanly separating your current truth cleanly separating your current truth from proposed updates. In short, it's from proposed updates. In short, it's from proposed updates. In short, it's going to bring more control, clarity, going to bring more control, clarity, going to bring more control, clarity, and reliability while being lightweight and reliability while being lightweight and reliability while being lightweight to specdriven AI development at any to specdriven AI development at any to specdriven AI development at any stage of your product. But you may stage of your product. But you may stage of your product. But you may wonder, how does open spec compared to wonder, how does open spec compared to wonder, how does open spec compared to these other toolkits like spec kit? these other toolkits like spec kit? these other toolkits like spec kit? Well, the thing is it's able to handle Well, the thing is it's able to handle Well, the thing is it's able to handle evolving features better with separate evolving features better with separate evolving features better with separate folders for current specs and changes. folders for current specs and changes. folders for current specs and changes. With Kurode, it is something that does With Kurode, it is something that does With Kurode, it is something that does better at grouping all updates for a better at grouping all updates for a better at grouping all updates for a feature in one place for easier feature in one place for easier feature in one place for easier tracking. And if it's something that's tracking. And if it's something that's tracking. And if it's something that's compared to something that doesn't have compared to something that doesn't have compared to something that doesn't have any sort of specd driven toolkit, it is any sort of specd driven toolkit, it is any sort of specd driven toolkit, it is going to ensure more predictable agreed going to ensure more predictable agreed going to ensure more predictable agreed upon outputs instead of vague AI code upon outputs instead of vague AI code upon outputs instead of vague AI code that is generated from a natural prompt. that is generated from a natural prompt. that is generated from a natural prompt. And what's great is that it's supported And what's great is that it's supported And what's great is that it's supported by many tools like cloud code, cursor, by many tools like cloud code, cursor, by many tools like cloud code, cursor, open code, kilo code, codeex, and so open code, kilo code, codeex, and so open code, kilo code, codeex, and so many others. And there's going to be many others. And there's going to be many others. And there's going to be other tools that will be added soon like other tools that will be added soon like other tools that will be added soon like root code when code. You even have root code when code. You even have root code when code. You even have Gemini CLI. So apparently Zapier is dead Gemini CLI. So apparently Zapier is dead Gemini CLI. So apparently Zapier is dead again, right? Every time a new AI tool again, right? Every time a new AI tool again, right? Every time a new AI tool drops, people rush to say it's the end drops, people rush to say it's the end drops, people rush to say it's the end of Zapier. But here's the truth. It's of Zapier. But here's the truth. It's of Zapier. But here's the truth. It's never been more alive. Recently, we saw never been more alive. Recently, we saw never been more alive. Recently, we saw the shiny new open AI tool, Agent Kit, the shiny new open AI tool, Agent Kit, the shiny new open AI tool, Agent Kit, which is about answer optimization, not which is about answer optimization, not which is about answer optimization, not workflow orchestration. It helps chatb workflow orchestration. It helps chatb workflow orchestration. It helps chatb think better. But Zapier helps you do think better. But Zapier helps you do think better. But Zapier helps you do more. Zapier doesn't just guess the more. Zapier doesn't just guess the more. Zapier doesn't just guess the right answer. It orchestrates real right answer. It orchestrates real right answer. It orchestrates real actions across 8,000 plus apps with actions across 8,000 plus apps with actions across 8,000 plus apps with deterministic reliability. And guess deterministic reliability. And guess deterministic reliability. And guess what? Zapier even plays nice with Open what? Zapier even plays nice with Open what? Zapier even plays nice with Open AI's new MCP. So you can route answers AI's new MCP. So you can route answers AI's new MCP. So you can route answers through Chhatbt and automate results through Chhatbt and automate results through Chhatbt and automate results with Zapier. Zapier has been here with Zapier. Zapier has been here with Zapier. Zapier has been here before. Platform native integrations, IP before. Platform native integrations, IP before. Platform native integrations, IP pass tools, even chatbt itself. They pass tools, even chatbt itself. They pass tools, even chatbt itself. They were all called Zapier killers. Yet here were all called Zapier killers. Yet here were all called Zapier killers. Yet here we are still leading, still integrating, we are still leading, still integrating, we are still leading, still integrating, still lighting the way for the future of still lighting the way for the future of still lighting the way for the future of automation. And now with Zapier Cobbot, automation. And now with Zapier Cobbot, automation. And now with Zapier Cobbot, you can describe what you need in plain you can describe what you need in plain you can describe what you need in plain English and it will build a full English and it will build a full English and it will build a full production ready workflow for you. Plus, production ready workflow for you. Plus, production ready workflow for you. Plus, the new Opus Clip integration lets you the new Opus Clip integration lets you the new Opus Clip integration lets you automate your video pipeline and automate your video pipeline and automate your video pipeline and repurpose content at scale. So the next repurpose content at scale. So the next repurpose content at scale. So the next time you see a Zapier killer, remember time you see a Zapier killer, remember time you see a Zapier killer, remember Zapier isn't dying. It's redefining AI Zapier isn't dying. It's redefining AI Zapier isn't dying. It's redefining AI orchestration. So use the link in the orchestration. So use the link in the orchestration. So use the link in the description below so that you can build description below so that you can build description below so that you can build smarter today. But now let's get started smarter today. But now let's get started smarter today. But now let's get started and showcase how you can set this up. To and showcase how you can set this up. To and showcase how you can set this up. To install this globally, you can use the install this globally, you can use the install this globally, you can use the npm install command, but just make sure npm install command, but just make sure npm install command, but just make sure you have the prerequisites installed you have the prerequisites installed you have the prerequisites installed having the latest version of node. And having the latest version of node. And having the latest version of node. And once you have that installed, we can once you have that installed, we can once you have that installed, we can open up our terminal like command prompt open up our terminal like command prompt open up our terminal like command prompt and then paste in the mpm install and then paste in the mpm install and then paste in the mpm install command to install the openspec command to install the openspec command to install the openspec globally. Once that is installed, you globally. Once that is installed, you globally. Once that is installed, you can then verify the installation by can then verify the installation by can then verify the installation by running the openspec version command. running the openspec version command. running the openspec version command. See if it's installed, which it is. Now See if it's installed, which it is. Now See if it's installed, which it is. Now we can initialize openspec into our we can initialize openspec into our we can initialize openspec into our project directory. So, I've gone ahead project directory. So, I've gone ahead project directory. So, I've gone ahead and I have created a template app for my and I have created a template app for my and I have created a template app for my AI detection tool that I'm going to be AI detection tool that I'm going to be AI detection tool that I'm going to be building out with this new openspec kit. building out with this new openspec kit. building out with this new openspec kit. Now, what we're going to be doing is Now, what we're going to be doing is Now, what we're going to be doing is initializing openspec within that initializing openspec within that initializing openspec within that project directory. So, we can then paste project directory. So, we can then paste project directory. So, we can then paste in the openspec initialize command which in the openspec initialize command which in the openspec initialize command which will open up openspec for me. Now, it is will open up openspec for me. Now, it is will open up openspec for me. Now, it is saying that you can configure openspec saying that you can configure openspec saying that you can configure openspec with whatever AI assistant you want that with whatever AI assistant you want that with whatever AI assistant you want that we had mentioned. So if you want to use we had mentioned. So if you want to use we had mentioned. So if you want to use any of these different tools, you can any of these different tools, you can any of these different tools, you can now specify which one you want to work now specify which one you want to work now specify which one you want to work with. So you can click enter and then with. So you can click enter and then with. So you can click enter and then you can select amongst these different you can select amongst these different you can select amongst these different options like GitHub copilot, kilo code options like GitHub copilot, kilo code options like GitHub copilot, kilo code or something like cloud code. I'm going or something like cloud code. I'm going or something like cloud code. I'm going to actually use kilo code in my case. So to actually use kilo code in my case. So to actually use kilo code in my case. So we're going to go ahead and click enter. we're going to go ahead and click enter. we're going to go ahead and click enter. And after initializing it, you're going And after initializing it, you're going And after initializing it, you're going to see a couple of new files within this to see a couple of new files within this to see a couple of new files within this template for our AI detection tools. template for our AI detection tools. template for our AI detection tools. Here it has created an agents MD file. Here it has created an agents MD file. Here it has created an agents MD file. And essentially if you select the And essentially if you select the And essentially if you select the supported tools say like cursor or cloud supported tools say like cursor or cloud supported tools say like cursor or cloud code or something like kilo code in my code or something like kilo code in my code or something like kilo code in my case opensp spec will automatically case opensp spec will automatically case opensp spec will automatically configure custom slash commands and tool configure custom slash commands and tool configure custom slash commands and tool specific instructions for that specific instructions for that specific instructions for that particular AI agent. So this MD file particular AI agent. So this MD file particular AI agent. So this MD file will then be handed off to my coding will then be handed off to my coding will then be handed off to my coding agent and it's going to be associated agent and it's going to be associated agent and it's going to be associated within my project file which you saw within my project file which you saw within my project file which you saw that it had actually generated over that it had actually generated over that it had actually generated over here. But now that we have everything here. But now that we have everything here. But now that we have everything ready, the first step is where we're ready, the first step is where we're ready, the first step is where we're going to populate our project context. going to populate our project context. going to populate our project context. So what we can do is first copy this So what we can do is first copy this So what we can do is first copy this natural prompt that openspec provides natural prompt that openspec provides natural prompt that openspec provides and then we can go into whatever coding and then we can go into whatever coding and then we can go into whatever coding agent we're working with. So in this agent we're working with. So in this agent we're working with. So in this case we're working with kilo code. I've case we're working with kilo code. I've case we're working with kilo code. I've gone ahead and added my folder as gone ahead and added my folder as gone ahead and added my folder as context. And then I can send in this context. And then I can send in this context. And then I can send in this prompt to read the openspec project MD prompt to read the openspec project MD prompt to read the openspec project MD and help me fill out all the details and help me fill out all the details and help me fill out all the details that are necessary about my project. And that are necessary about my project. And that are necessary about my project. And you can see that the coding agent is you can see that the coding agent is you can see that the coding agent is going to get the instructions to read going to get the instructions to read going to get the instructions to read this file and make the necessary changes this file and make the necessary changes this file and make the necessary changes for my text stack. So now you can see for my text stack. So now you can see for my text stack. So now you can see that it has filled out all the necessary that it has filled out all the necessary that it has filled out all the necessary details within the project MD with the details within the project MD with the details within the project MD with the comprehensive details about my AI comprehensive details about my AI comprehensive details about my AI detection tool. But now the next step is detection tool. But now the next step is detection tool. But now the next step is where we're going to be able to give where we're going to be able to give where we're going to be able to give openspec all the features that we want openspec all the features that we want openspec all the features that we want it to thoroughly follow. So in this case it to thoroughly follow. So in this case it to thoroughly follow. So in this case it is going to say that you copy this it is going to say that you copy this it is going to say that you copy this prompt and then you add your features prompt and then you add your features prompt and then you add your features over here like creating me the openspec over here like creating me the openspec over here like creating me the openspec change proposal for this feature. So change proposal for this feature. So change proposal for this feature. So right now I'm saying that I am building right now I'm saying that I am building right now I'm saying that I am building an AI detection tool. Please create an an AI detection tool. Please create an an AI detection tool. Please create an openspec change proposal for this openspec change proposal for this openspec change proposal for this feature. And within that project MD feature. And within that project MD feature. And within that project MD file, it is going to write up all the file, it is going to write up all the file, it is going to write up all the necessary details that are needed for necessary details that are needed for necessary details that are needed for the AI to follow in terms of the the AI to follow in terms of the the AI to follow in terms of the architecture pattern, the state architecture pattern, the state architecture pattern, the state management testing strategies and all management testing strategies and all management testing strategies and all the necessary details that will make the necessary details that will make the necessary details that will make sure that our app is proficient. So we sure that our app is proficient. So we sure that our app is proficient. So we can then go ahead and send in our can then go ahead and send in our can then go ahead and send in our feature request to kilo code, the agent feature request to kilo code, the agent feature request to kilo code, the agent that will then execute it autonomously. that will then execute it autonomously. that will then execute it autonomously. And the reason why I actually use kilo And the reason why I actually use kilo And the reason why I actually use kilo code over any of the other AI coding code over any of the other AI coding code over any of the other AI coding agents is because it's going to be able agents is because it's going to be able agents is because it's going to be able to understand all the different commands to understand all the different commands to understand all the different commands that would be necessary to use at any that would be necessary to use at any that would be necessary to use at any point like using the opensp spec list point like using the opensp spec list point like using the opensp spec list command to take a look at all the command to take a look at all the command to take a look at all the different tasks that it has generated different tasks that it has generated different tasks that it has generated and it will make sure that it will and it will make sure that it will and it will make sure that it will process all of them individually process all of them individually process all of them individually autonomously as well as keeping you in autonomously as well as keeping you in autonomously as well as keeping you in the loop. And after it has generated all the loop. And after it has generated all the loop. And after it has generated all the details for our proposal, it is the details for our proposal, it is the details for our proposal, it is going to allow you to review through all going to allow you to review through all going to allow you to review through all of these proposal files like the design of these proposal files like the design of these proposal files like the design MD has generated all the different task MD has generated all the different task MD has generated all the different task list where you can review through list where you can review through list where you can review through everything and see if you want to everything and see if you want to everything and see if you want to actually follow through with it. If actually follow through with it. If actually follow through with it. If there's certain sections that you do not there's certain sections that you do not there's certain sections that you do not want to work on, you can take it out and want to work on, you can take it out and want to work on, you can take it out and add your own implementation. And add your own implementation. And add your own implementation. And essentially this is the thoughtout plan essentially this is the thoughtout plan essentially this is the thoughtout plan that it is going to work on deploying that it is going to work on deploying that it is going to work on deploying with the agent to create your AI with the agent to create your AI with the agent to create your AI detection tool or whatever you prompted detection tool or whatever you prompted detection tool or whatever you prompted in the initial section. Now all you got in the initial section. Now all you got in the initial section. Now all you got to do is just implement the change which to do is just implement the change which to do is just implement the change which is what they specified within the GitHub is what they specified within the GitHub is what they specified within the GitHub repository. So now I can just simply repository. So now I can just simply repository. So now I can just simply instruct the AI agent to implement the instruct the AI agent to implement the instruct the AI agent to implement the AI detection tool according to the AI detection tool according to the AI detection tool according to the openspec proposal. all of these openspec proposal. all of these openspec proposal. all of these different proposals that has listed in different proposals that has listed in different proposals that has listed in terms of the design, the task list, as terms of the design, the task list, as terms of the design, the task list, as well as the different specifications. I well as the different specifications. I well as the different specifications. I also told it do not add any extra also told it do not add any extra also told it do not add any extra features beyond what's specified. So now features beyond what's specified. So now features beyond what's specified. So now we can have it work on tackling this we can have it work on tackling this we can have it work on tackling this task. And you can see that it only task. And you can see that it only task. And you can see that it only costed 48 cents in comparison to what costed 48 cents in comparison to what costed 48 cents in comparison to what specit did, which took approximately, I specit did, which took approximately, I specit did, which took approximately, I believe, 20 minutes to generate my believe, 20 minutes to generate my believe, 20 minutes to generate my proposed plan for the task list that I proposed plan for the task list that I proposed plan for the task list that I told it to generate. And it spent told it to generate. And it spent told it to generate. And it spent probably around $5 I believe in my last probably around $5 I believe in my last probably around $5 I believe in my last video which is a drastic difference from video which is a drastic difference from video which is a drastic difference from this which is only 51. And as Kilo code this which is only 51. And as Kilo code this which is only 51. And as Kilo code is working on executing this task of is working on executing this task of is working on executing this task of generating our AI detection tool with generating our AI detection tool with generating our AI detection tool with the specifications that the open spec the specifications that the open spec the specifications that the open spec kit has developed we can actually go kit has developed we can actually go kit has developed we can actually go within our terminal and we can run the within our terminal and we can run the within our terminal and we can run the open spec view command. This will give open spec view command. This will give open spec view command. This will give us a good understanding of the progress us a good understanding of the progress us a good understanding of the progress of the generation right now. Right now of the generation right now. Right now of the generation right now. Right now it is working on 46 different tasks. We it is working on 46 different tasks. We it is working on 46 different tasks. We just started it. So as it progresses it just started it. So as it progresses it just started it. So as it progresses it will give us visualization of all the will give us visualization of all the will give us visualization of all the different changes being made. There we different changes being made. There we different changes being made. There we go. It has finished generating our AI go. It has finished generating our AI go. It has finished generating our AI detection tool. And this is what we have detection tool. And this is what we have detection tool. And this is what we have gotten. This is where we can paste in gotten. This is where we can paste in gotten. This is where we can paste in any sort of AI slop like this AI story. any sort of AI slop like this AI story. any sort of AI slop like this AI story. And then we can analyze the text. And And then we can analyze the text. And And then we can analyze the text. And you can see right away that it is you can see right away that it is you can see right away that it is confident that this is AI detected, confident that this is AI detected, confident that this is AI detected, which is true cuz I had it generated by which is true cuz I had it generated by which is true cuz I had it generated by Chad GBT. And it talks about the Chad GBT. And it talks about the Chad GBT. And it talks about the analysis of what is AI generated like analysis of what is AI generated like analysis of what is AI generated like the different contents of this as well the different contents of this as well the different contents of this as well as the metrics like the perplexity as as the metrics like the perplexity as as the metrics like the perplexity as well as the burstiness. And all of this well as the burstiness. And all of this well as the burstiness. And all of this was fully generated with kilo code was fully generated with kilo code was fully generated with kilo code powered by openspec which is costing me powered by openspec which is costing me powered by openspec which is costing me $2 to fully generate alongside with the $2 to fully generate alongside with the $2 to fully generate alongside with the plan. And you can see how detailed it plan. And you can see how detailed it plan. And you can see how detailed it was. made sure that it's functional in was. made sure that it's functional in was. made sure that it's functional in one shot and it added all the necessary one shot and it added all the necessary one shot and it added all the necessary things that we had requested like the things that we had requested like the things that we had requested like the detection tool having different results detection tool having different results detection tool having different results being analyzed and a lot more. This is being analyzed and a lot more. This is being analyzed and a lot more. This is the power of openspec and I know the the power of openspec and I know the the power of openspec and I know the front end doesn't look good but that's front end doesn't look good but that's front end doesn't look good but that's just odd code or sorry cloud sonic 4.5 just odd code or sorry cloud sonic 4.5 just odd code or sorry cloud sonic 4.5 which doesn't really generate the best which doesn't really generate the best which doesn't really generate the best frontends at the moment but you can see frontends at the moment but you can see frontends at the moment but you can see that the quality is there in terms of that the quality is there in terms of that the quality is there in terms of the output. If you like this video and the output. If you like this video and the output. If you like this video and would love to support the channel, you would love to support the channel, you would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel can consider donating to my channel can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's basically guys for more. But that's basically guys for more. But that's basically guys for today's video on OpenSpec. This is a today's video on OpenSpec. This is a today's video on OpenSpec. This is a pretty cool new tool that can turn AI pretty cool new tool that can turn AI pretty cool new tool that can turn AI proposals into the structured reviewable proposals into the structured reviewable proposals into the structured reviewable implementation plan that you can give to implementation plan that you can give to implementation plan that you can give to whatever AI agent. It's lightweight, whatever AI agent. It's lightweight, whatever AI agent. It's lightweight, which is why I really like it. And it's which is why I really like it. And it's which is why I really like it. And it's something that you can easily work with something that you can easily work with something that you can easily work with right away where you can seamlessly move right away where you can seamlessly move right away where you can seamlessly move from specs to writing code a bit better from specs to writing code a bit better from specs to writing code a bit better than any other AI coding agent. But let than any other AI coding agent. But let than any other AI coding agent. But let me know what you guys think. This is me know what you guys think. This is me know what you guys think. This is something that is completely free and something that is completely free and something that is completely free and open source that you can easily get open source that you can easily get open source that you can easily get started. So, I'll leave all these links started. So, I'll leave all these links started. So, I'll leave all these links in the description below. Make sure you in the description below. Make sure you in the description below. Make sure you go ahead and take a look at the second go ahead and take a look at the second go ahead and take a look at the second channel if you haven't already. Join the channel if you haven't already. Join the channel if you haven't already. Join the newsletter, join our Discord, follow me newsletter, join our Discord, follow me newsletter, join our Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on the notification guys subscribe, turn on the notification guys subscribe, turn on the notification bell, like this video, and please take a bell, like this video, and please take a bell, like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there is look at our previous videos cuz there is look at our previous videos cuz there is a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really shortly. He suffers.
