Title: Sonnet 4.5 Is Here—And It’s a Beast at Coding
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Okay, so Entropic just released Sonnet Okay, so Entropic just released Sonnet Okay, so Entropic just released Sonnet 4.5, which I think is going to be one of 4.5, which I think is going to be one of 4.5, which I think is going to be one of their most consequential release at the their most consequential release at the their most consequential release at the moment. It's the best coding model moment. It's the best coding model moment. It's the best coding model available to date. But more available to date. But more available to date. But more interestingly, it can do up to 30 hours interestingly, it can do up to 30 hours interestingly, it can do up to 30 hours of focused agentic coding, which really of focused agentic coding, which really of focused agentic coding, which really breaks the trends that we have been breaks the trends that we have been breaks the trends that we have been seeing. It also has some very seeing. It also has some very seeing. It also has some very interesting features. For example, it's interesting features. For example, it's interesting features. For example, it's now context aware. So it can keep track now context aware. So it can keep track now context aware. So it can keep track of how many tokens it has used and it's of how many tokens it has used and it's of how many tokens it has used and it's not overzealous anymore. So it focuses not overzealous anymore. So it focuses not overzealous anymore. So it focuses on a few task at a time rather than on a few task at a time rather than on a few task at a time rather than trying to attempt to do everything all trying to attempt to do everything all trying to attempt to do everything all at once. And it's not just the model. at once. And it's not just the model. at once. And it's not just the model. Entropics is actually releasing a number Entropics is actually releasing a number Entropics is actually releasing a number of different tools including what of different tools including what of different tools including what they're calling cloud code SDK. They are they're calling cloud code SDK. They are they're calling cloud code SDK. They are also releasing a number of different also releasing a number of different also releasing a number of different other tools including cloud agent SDK other tools including cloud agent SDK other tools including cloud agent SDK where you can use cloud code in your own where you can use cloud code in your own where you can use cloud code in your own applications. They're also releasing applications. They're also releasing applications. They're also releasing imagine with cloud. This is a new way of imagine with cloud. This is a new way of imagine with cloud. This is a new way of building software. Okay. So let's have a building software. Okay. So let's have a building software. Okay. So let's have a quick look at this release. Now quick look at this release. Now quick look at this release. Now something you will notice is that the something you will notice is that the something you will notice is that the language that they're using now is very language that they're using now is very language that they're using now is very different from the blog post. So they different from the blog post. So they different from the blog post. So they say cloud sonet 4.5 is the best coding say cloud sonet 4.5 is the best coding say cloud sonet 4.5 is the best coding model in the world. They're not saying model in the world. They're not saying model in the world. They're not saying that it's their best coding model. It's that it's their best coding model. It's that it's their best coding model. It's the strongest model for building complex the strongest model for building complex the strongest model for building complex agents. It's the best model at using agents. It's the best model at using agents. It's the best model at using computers and it shows substantial gain computers and it shows substantial gain computers and it shows substantial gain in reasoning and mathematics. So some of in reasoning and mathematics. So some of in reasoning and mathematics. So some of the updates they have a new version of the updates they have a new version of the updates they have a new version of cloud code that has added checkpoints. cloud code that has added checkpoints. cloud code that has added checkpoints. According to them this was one of the According to them this was one of the According to them this was one of the most requested features. They are also most requested features. They are also most requested features. They are also releasing a native VS code extension releasing a native VS code extension releasing a native VS code extension which is going to be really good which is going to be really good which is going to be really good especially for people who are using VS especially for people who are using VS especially for people who are using VS code and now you also have a context code and now you also have a context code and now you also have a context editing feature in memory tool within editing feature in memory tool within editing feature in memory tool within the cloud API. So within the cloud API the cloud API. So within the cloud API the cloud API. So within the cloud API they are introducing these new they are introducing these new they are introducing these new parameters. I'll probably create another parameters. I'll probably create another parameters. I'll probably create another video on this, but this will help you video on this, but this will help you video on this, but this will help you intelligently manage the context of your intelligently manage the context of your intelligently manage the context of your agent when you're using the cloud API. agent when you're using the cloud API. agent when you're using the cloud API. And as I said in the beginning, they're And as I said in the beginning, they're And as I said in the beginning, they're also releasing cloud agent SDK. This is also releasing cloud agent SDK. This is also releasing cloud agent SDK. This is their internal tool which you can use to their internal tool which you can use to their internal tool which you can use to build software using the cloud SDK. But build software using the cloud SDK. But build software using the cloud SDK. But one thing, they're not changing the one thing, they're not changing the one thing, they're not changing the pricing. So this is in contrast to all pricing. So this is in contrast to all pricing. So this is in contrast to all the other Frontier Labs who are trying the other Frontier Labs who are trying the other Frontier Labs who are trying to save on cost or at least release to save on cost or at least release to save on cost or at least release versions that are lower at cost. They're versions that are lower at cost. They're versions that are lower at cost. They're keeping the pricing to exactly the same keeping the pricing to exactly the same keeping the pricing to exactly the same as they have for the previous version of as they have for the previous version of as they have for the previous version of Cloud Sonnet. So you're probably getting Cloud Sonnet. So you're probably getting Cloud Sonnet. So you're probably getting more intelligence at the same cost. And more intelligence at the same cost. And more intelligence at the same cost. And when we talk about intelligence, the when we talk about intelligence, the when we talk about intelligence, the main application that Entropic is main application that Entropic is main application that Entropic is focusing is coding. And now this is the focusing is coding. And now this is the focusing is coding. And now this is the best state-of-the-art model available on best state-of-the-art model available on best state-of-the-art model available on market for coding related tasks. market for coding related tasks. market for coding related tasks. Specifically, if you look at sweep bench Specifically, if you look at sweep bench Specifically, if you look at sweep bench verified with parallel test time verified with parallel test time verified with parallel test time compute, it gets to 82%. compute, it gets to 82%. compute, it gets to 82%. Gemini 2.5 Pro is at 67%. Gemini 2.5 Pro is at 67%. Gemini 2.5 Pro is at 67%. We are expecting a release of Gemini 3 We are expecting a release of Gemini 3 We are expecting a release of Gemini 3 probably mid October. That's hopefully probably mid October. That's hopefully probably mid October. That's hopefully is going to be able to compete somewhere is going to be able to compete somewhere is going to be able to compete somewhere here. But hands down, it beats even the here. But hands down, it beats even the here. But hands down, it beats even the previous version of Opus 4.1. This is previous version of Opus 4.1. This is previous version of Opus 4.1. This is probably the best coding model at the probably the best coding model at the probably the best coding model at the moment. Now, it's also specifically moment. Now, it's also specifically moment. Now, it's also specifically trained for computer use. And in fact, trained for computer use. And in fact, trained for computer use. And in fact, they say that on the OS world benchmark they say that on the OS world benchmark they say that on the OS world benchmark that's test AI models on real world that's test AI models on real world that's test AI models on real world computer usage, the previous version of computer usage, the previous version of computer usage, the previous version of Sonnet 4 had an accuracy of 42.2%. Sonnet 4 had an accuracy of 42.2%. Sonnet 4 had an accuracy of 42.2%. Now it's 61.4% Now it's 61.4% Now it's 61.4% which is almost five 50% jump and that's which is almost five 50% jump and that's which is almost five 50% jump and that's why I think they are calling it a major why I think they are calling it a major why I think they are calling it a major version bump. This is also now powering version bump. This is also now powering version bump. This is also now powering the clot for Chrome that is an extension the clot for Chrome that is an extension the clot for Chrome that is an extension you can use to control Chrome browser. I you can use to control Chrome browser. I you can use to control Chrome browser. I think I already created a video on this. think I already created a video on this. think I already created a video on this. It's a pretty neat because you can It's a pretty neat because you can It's a pretty neat because you can assign tasks to cloud and it will be assign tasks to cloud and it will be assign tasks to cloud and it will be able to do those on Chrome. So it's a able to do those on Chrome. So it's a able to do those on Chrome. So it's a very first iteration of their agentic very first iteration of their agentic very first iteration of their agentic browsing experience that is controlled browsing experience that is controlled browsing experience that is controlled by cloud. So now it's going to be by cloud. So now it's going to be by cloud. So now it's going to be powered by Sonnet 4.5. Now if you look powered by Sonnet 4.5. Now if you look powered by Sonnet 4.5. Now if you look at some of the other benchmarks, this at some of the other benchmarks, this at some of the other benchmarks, this model is state-of-the-art hands down. We model is state-of-the-art hands down. We model is state-of-the-art hands down. We looked at bench verified but if you look looked at bench verified but if you look looked at bench verified but if you look at agentic terminal coding this is at agentic terminal coding this is at agentic terminal coding this is terminal bench again it's terminal bench again it's terminal bench again it's state-of-the-art and the improvement is state-of-the-art and the improvement is state-of-the-art and the improvement is actually substantial now on agentic tool actually substantial now on agentic tool actually substantial now on agentic tool use to two benchmark again it's use to two benchmark again it's use to two benchmark again it's state-of-the-art in almost all state-of-the-art in almost all state-of-the-art in almost all categories probably except the retail categories probably except the retail categories probably except the retail one whereos one whereos one whereos 4.1 is still the best model but it's 4.1 is still the best model but it's 4.1 is still the best model but it's only by6%. only by6%. only by6%. So not a significance difference at all. So not a significance difference at all. So not a significance difference at all. Entropic really has figured out a recipe Entropic really has figured out a recipe Entropic really has figured out a recipe of building great coding models and it's of building great coding models and it's of building great coding models and it's also specifically at domains that are also specifically at domains that are also specifically at domains that are verifiable in nature. So for example, verifiable in nature. So for example, verifiable in nature. So for example, finance, law, medicine and STEM. They finance, law, medicine and STEM. They finance, law, medicine and STEM. They show state-of-the-art performance. Now show state-of-the-art performance. Now show state-of-the-art performance. Now the main usage is going to be how good the main usage is going to be how good the main usage is going to be how good this model is in your own application. this model is in your own application. this model is in your own application. So I'll highly recommend to test it out. So I'll highly recommend to test it out. So I'll highly recommend to test it out. But something I want to highlight and But something I want to highlight and But something I want to highlight and they say that practically speaking we they say that practically speaking we they say that practically speaking we have observed that it can maintain focus have observed that it can maintain focus have observed that it can maintain focus for more than 30 hours on complex for more than 30 hours on complex for more than 30 hours on complex multi-step tasks. This kind of breaks multi-step tasks. This kind of breaks multi-step tasks. This kind of breaks the pattern. So here is a plot from the pattern. So here is a plot from the pattern. So here is a plot from matter where they're measuring the AI matter where they're measuring the AI matter where they're measuring the AI ability to complete long tasks. The ability to complete long tasks. The ability to complete long tasks. The theory is that every 7 months the theory is that every 7 months the theory is that every 7 months the duration of the task that an AI can duration of the task that an AI can duration of the task that an AI can complete doubles. But if you look here, complete doubles. But if you look here, complete doubles. But if you look here, GPD5 was released August 2025. So that's GPD5 was released August 2025. So that's GPD5 was released August 2025. So that's almost a month ago. And it can do almost almost a month ago. And it can do almost almost a month ago. And it can do almost two hours of focus training. But now two hours of focus training. But now two hours of focus training. But now within a month, we have Sonnet 4.5 that within a month, we have Sonnet 4.5 that within a month, we have Sonnet 4.5 that can do 30 hours of focus training, which can do 30 hours of focus training, which can do 30 hours of focus training, which is kind of incredible, right? So it can is kind of incredible, right? So it can is kind of incredible, right? So it can really show you the acceleration that is really show you the acceleration that is really show you the acceleration that is happening when it comes specifically to happening when it comes specifically to happening when it comes specifically to software engineering. So we were software engineering. So we were software engineering. So we were expected to be able to complete around 4 expected to be able to complete around 4 expected to be able to complete around 4 hours of task somewhere in 2026 but now hours of task somewhere in 2026 but now hours of task somewhere in 2026 but now this model is already able to do 30 this model is already able to do 30 this model is already able to do 30 hours of focus training or for focused hours of focus training or for focused hours of focus training or for focused coding within a month. So we are on a coding within a month. So we are on a coding within a month. So we are on a crazy trajectory. Okay. So a few other crazy trajectory. Okay. So a few other crazy trajectory. Okay. So a few other capabilities when it comes to agentic capabilities when it comes to agentic capabilities when it comes to agentic coding. So set 4.5 can work coding. So set 4.5 can work coding. So set 4.5 can work independently for ours. We talked about independently for ours. We talked about independently for ours. We talked about this and the most useful thing is going this and the most useful thing is going this and the most useful thing is going to be that it can focus on a few tasks to be that it can focus on a few tasks to be that it can focus on a few tasks at a time rather than trying to attempt at a time rather than trying to attempt at a time rather than trying to attempt everything all at once. That has been everything all at once. That has been everything all at once. That has been one of the biggest issue with cloud one of the biggest issue with cloud one of the biggest issue with cloud models. they try to do way too much and models. they try to do way too much and models. they try to do way too much and end up changing a lot of code base that end up changing a lot of code base that end up changing a lot of code base that is already working and sometimes adds a is already working and sometimes adds a is already working and sometimes adds a lot of code that is not useful at all. lot of code that is not useful at all. lot of code that is not useful at all. Right? So hopefully with this now it's Right? So hopefully with this now it's Right? So hopefully with this now it's going to be doing much more targeted going to be doing much more targeted going to be doing much more targeted changes and I think people are going to changes and I think people are going to changes and I think people are going to start coming back to cloud code if it start coming back to cloud code if it start coming back to cloud code if it lives up to the expectation. Another lives up to the expectation. Another lives up to the expectation. Another thing is that it's context awareness. So thing is that it's context awareness. So thing is that it's context awareness. So clock can now track its token usage clock can now track its token usage clock can now track its token usage throughout conversation, receiving throughout conversation, receiving throughout conversation, receiving updates after each two call. This updates after each two call. This updates after each two call. This awareness helps prevent premature task awareness helps prevent premature task awareness helps prevent premature task abandonment and enables more effective abandonment and enables more effective abandonment and enables more effective execution on longunning tasks. So they execution on longunning tasks. So they execution on longunning tasks. So they specifically are adding something called specifically are adding something called specifically are adding something called context awareness. Essentially the model context awareness. Essentially the model context awareness. Essentially the model is now able to use its context window a is now able to use its context window a is now able to use its context window a lot more effectively if it's going lot more effectively if it's going lot more effectively if it's going through multi-turn conversation. So not through multi-turn conversation. So not through multi-turn conversation. So not only it can track the number of tokens only it can track the number of tokens only it can track the number of tokens it's going to be using but it will also it's going to be using but it will also it's going to be using but it will also be able to remove things from context if be able to remove things from context if be able to remove things from context if they are not important anymore. Now they are not important anymore. Now they are not important anymore. Now context awareness I think is going to be context awareness I think is going to be context awareness I think is going to be only available with extended thinking. only available with extended thinking. only available with extended thinking. So you'll have to enable extended So you'll have to enable extended So you'll have to enable extended thinking in order to use these thinking in order to use these thinking in order to use these capabilities. So in the beginning of the capabilities. So in the beginning of the capabilities. So in the beginning of the conversation you tell it how many tokens conversation you tell it how many tokens conversation you tell it how many tokens it has access to. So that's going to be it has access to. So that's going to be it has access to. So that's going to be the context window and then based on the context window and then based on the context window and then based on that it's going to keep track of how that it's going to keep track of how that it's going to keep track of how many tokens it's using at the moment or many tokens it's using at the moment or many tokens it's using at the moment or how many are remaining and it's going to how many are remaining and it's going to how many are remaining and it's going to be a lot more token efficient. So be a lot more token efficient. So be a lot more token efficient. So hopefully this will also translate it to hopefully this will also translate it to hopefully this will also translate it to cost reduction as well. So Gemini a cost reduction as well. So Gemini a cost reduction as well. So Gemini a couple of days ago introduced a new couple of days ago introduced a new couple of days ago introduced a new version of 2.5 flash and 2.5 light which version of 2.5 flash and 2.5 light which version of 2.5 flash and 2.5 light which are a lot more context efficient or are a lot more context efficient or are a lot more context efficient or token efficient. So it gives you much token efficient. So it gives you much token efficient. So it gives you much better performance at a much lower token better performance at a much lower token better performance at a much lower token usage and hence token cost. And this is usage and hence token cost. And this is usage and hence token cost. And this is a trend that has been seen for a while a trend that has been seen for a while a trend that has been seen for a while now that the model providers are trying now that the model providers are trying now that the model providers are trying to create models that are a lot more to create models that are a lot more to create models that are a lot more token efficient especially with the token efficient especially with the token efficient especially with the reasoning because with reasoning you are reasoning because with reasoning you are reasoning because with reasoning you are generating a lot more tokens and hence generating a lot more tokens and hence generating a lot more tokens and hence even if you reduce the cost you will end even if you reduce the cost you will end even if you reduce the cost you will end up using more tokens. So you're going to up using more tokens. So you're going to up using more tokens. So you're going to be paying more for the same number of be paying more for the same number of be paying more for the same number of API calls. Now it also has enhanced tool API calls. Now it also has enhanced tool API calls. Now it also has enhanced tool usage. So it can now effectively use usage. So it can now effectively use usage. So it can now effectively use tools when it's doing multiple parallel tools when it's doing multiple parallel tools when it's doing multiple parallel tool calls. And also this is their most tool calls. And also this is their most tool calls. And also this is their most aligned model to date. Safety is an aligned model to date. Safety is an aligned model to date. Safety is an integral part of the constitution of integral part of the constitution of integral part of the constitution of anthropic and they really take it anthropic and they really take it anthropic and they really take it seriously. So if you look at the seriously. So if you look at the seriously. So if you look at the misaligned behavior, this model at the misaligned behavior, this model at the misaligned behavior, this model at the moment is the best aligned model which moment is the best aligned model which moment is the best aligned model which is especially critical for regulated is especially critical for regulated is especially critical for regulated areas. As if you were working in areas. As if you were working in areas. As if you were working in finance, law, medicine, even general finance, law, medicine, even general finance, law, medicine, even general user behavior, you want to have a very user behavior, you want to have a very user behavior, you want to have a very well aligned model in enterprises, well aligned model in enterprises, well aligned model in enterprises, right? So entropics focus has mostly right? So entropics focus has mostly right? So entropics focus has mostly been on enterprises and business been on enterprises and business been on enterprises and business customers or and coding. So it's very customers or and coding. So it's very customers or and coding. So it's very critical for them to have very well critical for them to have very well critical for them to have very well aligned model and seems like with sonnet aligned model and seems like with sonnet aligned model and seems like with sonnet 4.5 they are able to achieve it which is 4.5 they are able to achieve it which is 4.5 they are able to achieve it which is pretty incredible. Now on this their pretty incredible. Now on this their pretty incredible. Now on this their risk assessment framework which they're risk assessment framework which they're risk assessment framework which they're calling AI safety levels. So this is calling AI safety levels. So this is calling AI safety levels. So this is level three which also means that it level three which also means that it level three which also means that it might flag certain content when you are might flag certain content when you are might flag certain content when you are interacting with sonnet 4.4 4 4.5 but interacting with sonnet 4.4 4 4.5 but interacting with sonnet 4.4 4 4.5 but they have made it easy for user to they have made it easy for user to they have made it easy for user to continue any interrupted conversation continue any interrupted conversation continue any interrupted conversation with the sonnet models. Now they're also with the sonnet models. Now they're also with the sonnet models. Now they're also releasing what they're calling cloud releasing what they're calling cloud releasing what they're calling cloud agent SDK. So this is built on top of agent SDK. So this is built on top of agent SDK. So this is built on top of cloud code. Here they say that we have cloud code. Here they say that we have cloud code. Here they say that we have solved hard problems. How agents should solved hard problems. How agents should solved hard problems. How agents should manage memory across longunning tasks. manage memory across longunning tasks. manage memory across longunning tasks. How to handle permission systems that How to handle permission systems that How to handle permission systems that balance autonomy with user control and balance autonomy with user control and balance autonomy with user control and how to coordinate sub aents working how to coordinate sub aents working how to coordinate sub aents working towards a shared goal. So this is going towards a shared goal. So this is going towards a shared goal. So this is going to be an SDK that you can use in your to be an SDK that you can use in your to be an SDK that you can use in your own applications for building multi- own applications for building multi- own applications for building multi- aent systems very similar to the agent aent systems very similar to the agent aent systems very similar to the agent SDK from OpenAI but it can use cloth SDK from OpenAI but it can use cloth SDK from OpenAI but it can use cloth code as an orchestrator right so I'll code as an orchestrator right so I'll code as an orchestrator right so I'll probably have a closer look at this and probably have a closer look at this and probably have a closer look at this and maybe create more content on it if maybe create more content on it if maybe create more content on it if you're interested make sure you you're interested make sure you you're interested make sure you subscribe to the channel they're also subscribe to the channel they're also subscribe to the channel they're also releasing imagine with cloud instead of releasing imagine with cloud instead of releasing imagine with cloud instead of planning a task well ahead of time. Now planning a task well ahead of time. Now planning a task well ahead of time. Now cloud is going to generate code or user cloud is going to generate code or user cloud is going to generate code or user interfaces for you and then iteratively interfaces for you and then iteratively interfaces for you and then iteratively refine it as it looks at its output that refine it as it looks at its output that refine it as it looks at its output that it's generating. This is I think an it's generating. This is I think an it's generating. This is I think an early preview. I'll probably want to early preview. I'll probably want to early preview. I'll probably want to have a look at it further before making have a look at it further before making have a look at it further before making some more content on it. [snorts] Now some more content on it. [snorts] Now some more content on it. [snorts] Now it's already available in cloud and I it's already available in cloud and I it's already available in cloud and I believe it's already available on cloud believe it's already available on cloud believe it's already available on cloud code as well. So, I'll probably have code as well. So, I'll probably have code as well. So, I'll probably have another video in which I actually test another video in which I actually test another video in which I actually test the model out, but I wanted to create the model out, but I wanted to create the model out, but I wanted to create this quick update video on what is this quick update video on what is this quick update video on what is inside 4.5. So, do let me know how your inside 4.5. So, do let me know how your inside 4.5. So, do let me know how your experience with Sonnet 4.5 is. Do you experience with Sonnet 4.5 is. Do you experience with Sonnet 4.5 is. Do you actually think it's a major upgrade? And actually think it's a major upgrade? And actually think it's a major upgrade? And I think this month is going to be pretty I think this month is going to be pretty I think this month is going to be pretty exciting because later early next week, exciting because later early next week, exciting because later early next week, we're going to have Dev Day from OpenAI we're going to have Dev Day from OpenAI we're going to have Dev Day from OpenAI where some very interesting things are where some very interesting things are where some very interesting things are expected. And later in the month, we're expected. And later in the month, we're expected. And later in the month, we're going to have Gemini 3. This might going to have Gemini 3. This might going to have Gemini 3. This might actually push some of these updates actually push some of these updates actually push some of these updates earlier. We'll have to see. Anyways, I earlier. We'll have to see. Anyways, I earlier. We'll have to see. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks hope you found this video useful. Thanks hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching, and as always, see you in for watching, and as always, see you in for watching, and as always, see you in the next one.
