Title: Stop using Chrome. This AI browser is insane…
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

This browser can answer your emails, This browser can answer your emails, This browser can answer your emails, organize your calendar, do your organize your calendar, do your organize your calendar, do your shopping, automate repetitive tasks, and shopping, automate repetitive tasks, and shopping, automate repetitive tasks, and even help you start a new business. Last even help you start a new business. Last even help you start a new business. Last month, the CEO of Perplexity gave me month, the CEO of Perplexity gave me month, the CEO of Perplexity gave me early access, and I've been testing it early access, and I've been testing it early access, and I've been testing it ever since. So, here are the most ever since. So, here are the most ever since. So, here are the most impressive things that Comet can do. So, impressive things that Comet can do. So, impressive things that Comet can do. So, the main thing about Comet is this the main thing about Comet is this the main thing about Comet is this assistant right here. You can open it assistant right here. You can open it assistant right here. You can open it either by clicking the assistant button either by clicking the assistant button either by clicking the assistant button in the top right or by the keyboard in the top right or by the keyboard in the top right or by the keyboard shortcut option A. And this opens the shortcut option A. And this opens the shortcut option A. And this opens the assistant that can interact with any assistant that can interact with any assistant that can interact with any website that you're on. The first thing website that you're on. The first thing website that you're on. The first thing I want to show you is how it can manage I want to show you is how it can manage I want to show you is how it can manage your browser tabs. So I can say, "Open your browser tabs. So I can say, "Open your browser tabs. So I can say, "Open the last 15 browser tabs from my search the last 15 browser tabs from my search the last 15 browser tabs from my search history." So maybe you want to resume history." So maybe you want to resume history." So maybe you want to resume your work and you want to quickly open your work and you want to quickly open your work and you want to quickly open what you were just working on. It can do what you were just working on. It can do what you were just working on. It can do that autonomously. See, my hands are not that autonomously. See, my hands are not that autonomously. See, my hands are not touching the keyboard and it's opening touching the keyboard and it's opening touching the keyboard and it's opening the tabs for me, which is pretty insane. the tabs for me, which is pretty insane. the tabs for me, which is pretty insane. Now, even more OP than opening tabs is Now, even more OP than opening tabs is Now, even more OP than opening tabs is organizing and closing tabs, right? So organizing and closing tabs, right? So organizing and closing tabs, right? So let's say you want to do some productive let's say you want to do some productive let's say you want to do some productive work and you have a bunch of Twitter work and you have a bunch of Twitter work and you have a bunch of Twitter tabs opened. You can just say, "Close tabs opened. You can just say, "Close tabs opened. You can just say, "Close all of my Twitter tabs." And let's be all of my Twitter tabs." And let's be all of my Twitter tabs." And let's be honest, all of us have this problem of honest, all of us have this problem of honest, all of us have this problem of having too many browser tabs open. And having too many browser tabs open. And having too many browser tabs open. And boom, just like that, all of them were boom, just like that, all of them were boom, just like that, all of them were closed. But if you think this is closed. But if you think this is closed. But if you think this is impressive, you have no idea what's impressive, you have no idea what's impressive, you have no idea what's coming. Because if you're still not coming. Because if you're still not coming. Because if you're still not using an AI browser, you're going to using an AI browser, you're going to using an AI browser, you're going to fall behind. Now, comet can do even more fall behind. Now, comet can do even more fall behind. Now, comet can do even more advanced actions like this. For example, advanced actions like this. For example, advanced actions like this. For example, on Shopify, it can help you set up a on Shopify, it can help you set up a on Shopify, it can help you set up a Shopify store so you can start your own Shopify store so you can start your own Shopify store so you can start your own e-commerce business. You can literally e-commerce business. You can literally e-commerce business. You can literally start a side hustle with the help of start a side hustle with the help of start a side hustle with the help of Comet. can help you fill it out, pick a Comet. can help you fill it out, pick a Comet. can help you fill it out, pick a store design, help you fill out the store design, help you fill out the store design, help you fill out the copywriting, the products, the layout. copywriting, the products, the layout. copywriting, the products, the layout. Guys, this is insane. Like, your Guys, this is insane. Like, your Guys, this is insane. Like, your imagination is really the limit. And imagination is really the limit. And imagination is really the limit. And what's really crazy is that this is the what's really crazy is that this is the what's really crazy is that this is the worst it will be. These AI browsers are worst it will be. These AI browsers are worst it will be. These AI browsers are only going to get better. Imagine how only going to get better. Imagine how only going to get better. Imagine how bad KGBD was when it came out, right? bad KGBD was when it came out, right? bad KGBD was when it came out, right? How much better it is now. The same is How much better it is now. The same is How much better it is now. The same is going to happen to AI browsers. In 6 going to happen to AI browsers. In 6 going to happen to AI browsers. In 6 months, in 12 months, they'll be months, in 12 months, they'll be months, in 12 months, they'll be infinitely better than they are now. infinitely better than they are now. infinitely better than they are now. That's why you have to start using them That's why you have to start using them That's why you have to start using them today. Another powerful feature within today. Another powerful feature within today. Another powerful feature within Comet is the voice mode. So, let's open Comet is the voice mode. So, let's open Comet is the voice mode. So, let's open a new assistant window here. And by a new assistant window here. And by a new assistant window here. And by clicking on this blue button in the clicking on this blue button in the clicking on this blue button in the bottom right, you can enable voice mode. bottom right, you can enable voice mode. bottom right, you can enable voice mode. Hey, comet. What can you see? Hey, comet. What can you see? Hey, comet. What can you see? &gt;&gt; I can see the content of the web page &gt;&gt; I can see the content of the web page &gt;&gt; I can see the content of the web page you're currently on right now. You're on you're currently on right now. You're on you're currently on right now. You're on a page about Comet browser. a page about Comet browser. a page about Comet browser. &gt;&gt; Okay. What about now? What website am I &gt;&gt; Okay. What about now? What website am I &gt;&gt; Okay. What about now? What website am I on? What am I looking at? on? What am I looking at? on? What am I looking at? &gt;&gt; You're on a GitHub page for a project &gt;&gt; You're on a GitHub page for a project &gt;&gt; You're on a GitHub page for a project called Claude Code by Anthropic. called Claude Code by Anthropic. called Claude Code by Anthropic. &gt;&gt; So, obviously there's infinite ways you &gt;&gt; So, obviously there's infinite ways you &gt;&gt; So, obviously there's infinite ways you can use the voice, right? It can help can use the voice, right? It can help can use the voice, right? It can help you set up new GitHub repositories you set up new GitHub repositories you set up new GitHub repositories basically working as your real-time basically working as your real-time basically working as your real-time assistant, right? It can see what you assistant, right? It can see what you assistant, right? It can see what you see. It can do web search. It can tell see. It can do web search. It can tell see. It can do web search. It can tell you what you should do. If you encounter you what you should do. If you encounter you what you should do. If you encounter an error, it will see that error as an error, it will see that error as an error, it will see that error as well. It is very, very OP. Another very well. It is very, very OP. Another very well. It is very, very OP. Another very useful thing that Comet can do is help useful thing that Comet can do is help useful thing that Comet can do is help you plan your trips. So, for example, you plan your trips. So, for example, you plan your trips. So, for example, I'm going to New York in the next few I'm going to New York in the next few I'm going to New York in the next few days. Which, by the way, if you're from days. Which, by the way, if you're from days. Which, by the way, if you're from New York, message me on Instagram and we New York, message me on Instagram and we New York, message me on Instagram and we can make something happen. But you can can make something happen. But you can can make something happen. But you can say, find the best flights from New York say, find the best flights from New York say, find the best flights from New York City to Prague in the next 7 days. And City to Prague in the next 7 days. And City to Prague in the next 7 days. And Comet can absolutely do that. So, it Comet can absolutely do that. So, it Comet can absolutely do that. So, it will search it up. Boom. Skyscreen and will search it up. Boom. Skyscreen and will search it up. Boom. Skyscreen and Google flights. and it found several Google flights. and it found several Google flights. and it found several flights in this price range that are flights in this price range that are flights in this price range that are either direct or with one stop. Now in either direct or with one stop. Now in either direct or with one stop. Now in the bottom right you might notice the bottom right you might notice the bottom right you might notice another button and this is the another button and this is the another button and this is the screenshot button which comes in super screenshot button which comes in super screenshot button which comes in super handy for translation for example. So handy for translation for example. So handy for translation for example. So here I want to set up the quen free API here I want to set up the quen free API here I want to set up the quen free API key and you know this is Chinese because key and you know this is Chinese because key and you know this is Chinese because it's Alibaba. So I'm just going to take it's Alibaba. So I'm just going to take it's Alibaba. So I'm just going to take a screenshot and I'm going to screenshot a screenshot and I'm going to screenshot a screenshot and I'm going to screenshot the first few steps. I'm going to say the first few steps. I'm going to say the first few steps. I'm going to say translate to English. Boom. It will read translate to English. Boom. It will read translate to English. Boom. It will read the attached file and it will give me the attached file and it will give me the attached file and it will give me the steps in English. How to set up quen the steps in English. How to set up quen the steps in English. How to set up quen coder. Pretty pretty impressive. Another coder. Pretty pretty impressive. Another coder. Pretty pretty impressive. Another interesting thing you can do with the interesting thing you can do with the interesting thing you can do with the screenshot is basically play geogesser. screenshot is basically play geogesser. screenshot is basically play geogesser. So I'm going to take a screenshot of So I'm going to take a screenshot of So I'm going to take a screenshot of here. Let's see if it recognizes where here. Let's see if it recognizes where here. Let's see if it recognizes where I'm at. I'll say where is this located. I'm at. I'll say where is this located. I'm at. I'll say where is this located. Okay. So obviously this is the statue of Okay. So obviously this is the statue of Okay. So obviously this is the statue of liberty but I wasn't showing it but it liberty but I wasn't showing it but it liberty but I wasn't showing it but it recognized it. This view is from the recognized it. This view is from the recognized it. This view is from the waterfront near the statue of liberty. waterfront near the statue of liberty. waterfront near the statue of liberty. That's pretty impressive because I That's pretty impressive because I That's pretty impressive because I wasn't showing the statue itself. I was wasn't showing the statue itself. I was wasn't showing the statue itself. I was just showing some water and a pier. The just showing some water and a pier. The just showing some water and a pier. The screenshot functionality can also help screenshot functionality can also help screenshot functionality can also help you understand complex diagrams. Right? you understand complex diagrams. Right? you understand complex diagrams. Right? So I can say what am I looking at here? So I can say what am I looking at here? So I can say what am I looking at here? Help me understand. You're looking at a Help me understand. You're looking at a Help me understand. You're looking at a technology architecture of technology architecture of technology architecture of infrastructure diagram for customer infrastructure diagram for customer infrastructure diagram for customer service management system. Another use service management system. Another use service management system. Another use case for this is finding a specific case for this is finding a specific case for this is finding a specific product, right? Maybe you like some product, right? Maybe you like some product, right? Maybe you like some shoes and you want to find specifically shoes and you want to find specifically shoes and you want to find specifically where they sell them. Obviously, here where they sell them. Obviously, here where they sell them. Obviously, here the link is, but let's say you're on a the link is, but let's say you're on a the link is, but let's say you're on a website where there's no link. Help me website where there's no link. Help me website where there's no link. Help me find where to buy these shoes, find where to buy these shoes, find where to buy these shoes, especially for women. This would be a especially for women. This would be a especially for women. This would be a very OP use case. Wait, can it draw? very OP use case. Wait, can it draw? very OP use case. Wait, can it draw? Okay, so guys, this is insane. I was Okay, so guys, this is insane. I was Okay, so guys, this is insane. I was just randomly testing TL Draw and I told just randomly testing TL Draw and I told just randomly testing TL Draw and I told Comet to draw a circle. It generated Comet to draw a circle. It generated Comet to draw a circle. It generated image. Okay, I was like, okay, that's image. Okay, I was like, okay, that's image. Okay, I was like, okay, that's pretty good, but not that impressive. pretty good, but not that impressive. pretty good, but not that impressive. and I said put it into TJ draw. It ran and I said put it into TJ draw. It ran and I said put it into TJ draw. It ran into error because it different file into error because it different file into error because it different file type but then it switched it up and it type but then it switched it up and it type but then it switched it up and it did the URL and now it's inside of a did the URL and now it's inside of a did the URL and now it's inside of a teal draw. That's insane. Let me show teal draw. That's insane. Let me show teal draw. That's insane. Let me show you another one. Now add a blue you another one. Now add a blue you another one. Now add a blue rectangle. Okay, so let's see if it can rectangle. Okay, so let's see if it can rectangle. Okay, so let's see if it can add a blue rectangle. There it is. It's add a blue rectangle. There it is. It's add a blue rectangle. There it is. It's generating the image. Okay, here we have generating the image. Okay, here we have generating the image. Okay, here we have it. So now it's taking control. When you it. So now it's taking control. When you it. So now it's taking control. When you see this blue outline, it's taking see this blue outline, it's taking see this blue outline, it's taking control over the browser and can do control over the browser and can do control over the browser and can do stuff for me. It can click buttons. So stuff for me. It can click buttons. So stuff for me. It can click buttons. So see now file tab not allowed. So it will see now file tab not allowed. So it will see now file tab not allowed. So it will choose a different way to upload it. choose a different way to upload it. choose a different way to upload it. maybe with the URL. Boom. And there it maybe with the URL. Boom. And there it maybe with the URL. Boom. And there it is. It just uploaded the blue rectangle is. It just uploaded the blue rectangle is. It just uploaded the blue rectangle into my canvas. Guys, we really are into my canvas. Guys, we really are into my canvas. Guys, we really are living in the future. Now, ironically, living in the future. Now, ironically, living in the future. Now, ironically, since Comet is a AI agent, it can also since Comet is a AI agent, it can also since Comet is a AI agent, it can also improve the prompts that you sent into improve the prompts that you sent into improve the prompts that you sent into AI. So, I can say, "Make sure to rewrite AI. So, I can say, "Make sure to rewrite AI. So, I can say, "Make sure to rewrite this prompt like a senior professional this prompt like a senior professional this prompt like a senior professional prompt engineer would so that it prompt engineer would so that it prompt engineer would so that it actually helps me build an AI SAS app." actually helps me build an AI SAS app." actually helps me build an AI SAS app." Boom. And now I'm having AI improve my Boom. And now I'm having AI improve my Boom. And now I'm having AI improve my prompts for AI. Okay. So, it wrote the prompts for AI. Okay. So, it wrote the prompts for AI. Okay. So, it wrote the prompt and say, "Good. Now, please prompt and say, "Good. Now, please prompt and say, "Good. Now, please change it in the text input field. You change it in the text input field. You change it in the text input field. You know, I don't want it to just write the know, I don't want it to just write the know, I don't want it to just write the prompt. I want it to actually go take prompt. I want it to actually go take prompt. I want it to actually go take control of my browser. There it is. And control of my browser. There it is. And control of my browser. There it is. And rewrite it, you know. So, I can see the rewrite it, you know. So, I can see the rewrite it, you know. So, I can see the text input field. Okay. So, first need text input field. Okay. So, first need text input field. Okay. So, first need to There it is. It just replaced it. to There it is. It just replaced it. to There it is. It just replaced it. Now, a great feature within perplexity Now, a great feature within perplexity Now, a great feature within perplexity is the keyboard shortcuts. So, if you're is the keyboard shortcuts. So, if you're is the keyboard shortcuts. So, if you're using comet, you need to start using using comet, you need to start using using comet, you need to start using these as well. You can create custom these as well. You can create custom these as well. You can create custom shortcuts for basically anything, right? shortcuts for basically anything, right? shortcuts for basically anything, right? So, there are a few shortcuts built in, So, there are a few shortcuts built in, So, there are a few shortcuts built in, right? Such as sonar, GBD5, teach me right? Such as sonar, GBD5, teach me right? Such as sonar, GBD5, teach me comet. But there are two new shortcuts I comet. But there are two new shortcuts I comet. But there are two new shortcuts I added myself that you should absolutely added myself that you should absolutely added myself that you should absolutely steal. First one is /ws and this is steal. First one is /ws and this is steal. First one is /ws and this is browse the web answering short. browse the web answering short. browse the web answering short. Something I find myself repeating many Something I find myself repeating many Something I find myself repeating many many times per day. It just appends it many times per day. It just appends it many times per day. It just appends it after every single prompt. Right? Then after every single prompt. Right? Then after every single prompt. Right? Then slash rate. This one is more advanced slash rate. This one is more advanced slash rate. This one is more advanced and it basically finds the exact and it basically finds the exact and it basically finds the exact currency rate up to six digits for any currency rate up to six digits for any currency rate up to six digits for any currencies conversion rates. Then it currencies conversion rates. Then it currencies conversion rates. Then it uses code. So it writes custom Python to uses code. So it writes custom Python to uses code. So it writes custom Python to perform the math for that conversion perform the math for that conversion perform the math for that conversion because you don't want to do math in the because you don't want to do math in the because you don't want to do math in the LLMs, right? They predict the next LLMs, right? They predict the next LLMs, right? They predict the next token. It's very unreliable. Instead, token. It's very unreliable. Instead, token. It's very unreliable. Instead, you want the LMS to write a piece of you want the LMS to write a piece of you want the LMS to write a piece of code that does the math. Another use code that does the math. Another use code that does the math. Another use case is filling out Google forms or case is filling out Google forms or case is filling out Google forms or surveys. So, for example, let's say surveys. So, for example, let's say surveys. So, for example, let's say you're applying to jobs, right? You fill you're applying to jobs, right? You fill you're applying to jobs, right? You fill out 30 questions. So, instead of doing out 30 questions. So, instead of doing out 30 questions. So, instead of doing that manually, you just speak to it for that manually, you just speak to it for that manually, you just speak to it for 20 30 seconds, give it the most 20 30 seconds, give it the most 20 30 seconds, give it the most essential info about yourself, maybe essential info about yourself, maybe essential info about yourself, maybe upload your CV and actually Comet will upload your CV and actually Comet will upload your CV and actually Comet will fill out the Google form for you. Now, fill out the Google form for you. Now, fill out the Google form for you. Now, since Comet is developed by Perplexity, since Comet is developed by Perplexity, since Comet is developed by Perplexity, it can very easily automate your search. it can very easily automate your search. it can very easily automate your search. It can do deep research for you. It can It can do deep research for you. It can It can do deep research for you. It can summarize your Twitter notifications, summarize your Twitter notifications, summarize your Twitter notifications, look up recent updates of software that look up recent updates of software that look up recent updates of software that you're using, any type of browser search you're using, any type of browser search you're using, any type of browser search that you might need to do manually. that you might need to do manually. that you might need to do manually. Comet can do that for you automatically. Comet can do that for you automatically. Comet can do that for you automatically. You can also use Comet while watching You can also use Comet while watching You can also use Comet while watching YouTube, explain stuff, you know, ask YouTube, explain stuff, you know, ask YouTube, explain stuff, you know, ask questions during the video. It's a questions during the video. It's a questions during the video. It's a really great way to learn things much really great way to learn things much really great way to learn things much faster than you would otherwise. Now, faster than you would otherwise. Now, faster than you would otherwise. Now, since Comet can easily use Google Maps, since Comet can easily use Google Maps, since Comet can easily use Google Maps, it can also help you find new leads, it can also help you find new leads, it can also help you find new leads, right? So, maybe you want HVAC right? So, maybe you want HVAC right? So, maybe you want HVAC businesses in a certain area. Whatever businesses in a certain area. Whatever businesses in a certain area. Whatever business you have, it can go onto the business you have, it can go onto the business you have, it can go onto the web and find new leads for your business web and find new leads for your business web and find new leads for your business and help you start drafting cold emails and help you start drafting cold emails and help you start drafting cold emails to reach them out. I mean, again, to reach them out. I mean, again, to reach them out. I mean, again, imagination is really the only imagination is really the only imagination is really the only bottleneck here. Now, inside of the bottleneck here. Now, inside of the bottleneck here. Now, inside of the email is where things get super email is where things get super email is where things get super interesting. Comet can help you find interesting. Comet can help you find interesting. Comet can help you find unimportant answered emails. It can give unimportant answered emails. It can give unimportant answered emails. It can give you a summary of all the emails from you a summary of all the emails from you a summary of all the emails from last 48 hours. It can help you write last 48 hours. It can help you write last 48 hours. It can help you write responses to those emails. It can look responses to those emails. It can look responses to those emails. It can look for attachments that you might have for attachments that you might have for attachments that you might have missed. Stuff that again, you can do missed. Stuff that again, you can do missed. Stuff that again, you can do manually, but it would take a few manually, but it would take a few manually, but it would take a few minutes. Instead, it's just one sentence minutes. Instead, it's just one sentence minutes. Instead, it's just one sentence to comment and it can do that for you. to comment and it can do that for you. to comment and it can do that for you. And it gets even better when we go to And it gets even better when we go to And it gets even better when we go to Google calendar where it can help you Google calendar where it can help you Google calendar where it can help you prepare for meetings, give you a summary prepare for meetings, give you a summary prepare for meetings, give you a summary of all upcoming events, move stuff of all upcoming events, move stuff of all upcoming events, move stuff around. I mean guys, this is really around. I mean guys, this is really around. I mean guys, this is really automating a lot of the boring parts of automating a lot of the boring parts of automating a lot of the boring parts of knowledge work. It's not automating knowledge work. It's not automating knowledge work. It's not automating jobs. It's automating the repetitive jobs. It's automating the repetitive jobs. It's automating the repetitive boring parts of jobs so that you can do boring parts of jobs so that you can do boring parts of jobs so that you can do the high leverage creative stuff. Boom. the high leverage creative stuff. Boom. the high leverage creative stuff. Boom. So here I said, help me prepare for the So here I said, help me prepare for the So here I said, help me prepare for the meetings in my next 48 hours. It finds meetings in my next 48 hours. It finds meetings in my next 48 hours. It finds the meetings, finds the Google calls for the meetings, finds the Google calls for the meetings, finds the Google calls for those events and it starts helping me those events and it starts helping me those events and it starts helping me prepare. So here I told it to create a prepare. So here I told it to create a prepare. So here I told it to create a new Google doc. Boom. Opens a new tab, new Google doc. Boom. Opens a new tab, new Google doc. Boom. Opens a new tab, new Google doc right away. And it helps new Google doc right away. And it helps new Google doc right away. And it helps me start preparing for a specific event, me start preparing for a specific event, me start preparing for a specific event, right? So I asked it about the ads and right? So I asked it about the ads and right? So I asked it about the ads and solving call because believe it or not, solving call because believe it or not, solving call because believe it or not, my YouTube channel is still not my YouTube channel is still not my YouTube channel is still not monetized. If somebody is watching this monetized. If somebody is watching this monetized. If somebody is watching this from Google, please put me in touch. from Google, please put me in touch. from Google, please put me in touch. Somebody high up because I'm losing Somebody high up because I'm losing Somebody high up because I'm losing thousands of dollars a month. So if you thousands of dollars a month. So if you thousands of dollars a month. So if you know someone high up on the YouTube team know someone high up on the YouTube team know someone high up on the YouTube team or the AdSense team, please put me in or the AdSense team, please put me in or the AdSense team, please put me in contact. But let's see if Comet can help contact. But let's see if Comet can help contact. But let's see if Comet can help me out prepare for this meeting I have me out prepare for this meeting I have me out prepare for this meeting I have about AdSense. And again, it can about AdSense. And again, it can about AdSense. And again, it can interact with the UI. So it can do interact with the UI. So it can do interact with the UI. So it can do anything you yourself can do. You know, anything you yourself can do. You know, anything you yourself can do. You know, click stuff, go into settings, create click stuff, go into settings, create click stuff, go into settings, create docs, open new tabs, write stuff in a docs, open new tabs, write stuff in a docs, open new tabs, write stuff in a dog, extract action items, give you dog, extract action items, give you dog, extract action items, give you summaries of Google Docs. Yeah, it can summaries of Google Docs. Yeah, it can summaries of Google Docs. Yeah, it can do a lot. And anytime you don't like do a lot. And anytime you don't like do a lot. And anytime you don't like what it's doing, you can just interrupt what it's doing, you can just interrupt what it's doing, you can just interrupt it and tell it what to change so that it and tell it what to change so that it and tell it what to change so that you can point it on the right track. you can point it on the right track. you can point it on the right track. Now, to be honest, there are dozens of Now, to be honest, there are dozens of Now, to be honest, there are dozens of other things Comet can do, such as other things Comet can do, such as other things Comet can do, such as shopping, right? It can find the right shopping, right? It can find the right shopping, right? It can find the right things, find promo codes and coupons. It things, find promo codes and coupons. It things, find promo codes and coupons. It can help you plan trips. So maybe you're can help you plan trips. So maybe you're can help you plan trips. So maybe you're on a road trip and what's the fastest on a road trip and what's the fastest on a road trip and what's the fastest way from getting from New York to way from getting from New York to way from getting from New York to Philadelphia and you want to stop at Philadelphia and you want to stop at Philadelphia and you want to stop at three different McDonald's, whatever. It three different McDonald's, whatever. It three different McDonald's, whatever. It can help you plan that trip. It can can help you plan that trip. It can can help you plan that trip. It can check people's early life on Wikipedia check people's early life on Wikipedia check people's early life on Wikipedia if you want to know more about a person. if you want to know more about a person. if you want to know more about a person. It can also help you respond to your It can also help you respond to your It can also help you respond to your Tinder matches and help you step up your Tinder matches and help you step up your Tinder matches and help you step up your dating game. It can also QA test your dating game. It can also QA test your dating game. It can also QA test your entire website. So, if you're a web entire website. So, if you're a web entire website. So, if you're a web developer, you know, if you're building developer, you know, if you're building developer, you know, if you're building your own startup like myself, you want your own startup like myself, you want your own startup like myself, you want to make sure all the buttons work, the to make sure all the buttons work, the to make sure all the buttons work, the UI works, that you know, it's easy to UI works, that you know, it's easy to UI works, that you know, it's easy to navigate. You can use Comet as a QA navigate. You can use Comet as a QA navigate. You can use Comet as a QA tester instead of paying a full-time tester instead of paying a full-time tester instead of paying a full-time person to do that with spreadsheets. person to do that with spreadsheets. person to do that with spreadsheets. That's another great thing. It can do That's another great thing. It can do That's another great thing. It can do Excel formulas, Google Sheets formulas, Excel formulas, Google Sheets formulas, Excel formulas, Google Sheets formulas, help you organize your spreadsheets, help you organize your spreadsheets, help you organize your spreadsheets, help you fill out the data, lots of help you fill out the data, lots of help you fill out the data, lots of useful spreadsheet actions, and then it useful spreadsheet actions, and then it useful spreadsheet actions, and then it can also help you find clips. Maybe you can also help you find clips. Maybe you can also help you find clips. Maybe you see a clip on Twitter and you want to see a clip on Twitter and you want to see a clip on Twitter and you want to find a full podcast. It can help you do find a full podcast. It can help you do find a full podcast. It can help you do that. Anything that you yourself can do that. Anything that you yourself can do that. Anything that you yourself can do in the browser, comet can help you do. in the browser, comet can help you do. in the browser, comet can help you do. So this is what I mean when I say that So this is what I mean when I say that So this is what I mean when I say that AI browsers are the future because all AI browsers are the future because all AI browsers are the future because all software verticals will be disrupted software verticals will be disrupted software verticals will be disrupted with AI first alternatives. The same with AI first alternatives. The same with AI first alternatives. The same goes for productivity and task goes for productivity and task goes for productivity and task management which is what I'm building management which is what I'm building management which is what I'm building with vectal. You can use boring outdated with vectal. You can use boring outdated with vectal. You can use boring outdated tools like to-doist, ClickUp, notion. tools like to-doist, ClickUp, notion. tools like to-doist, ClickUp, notion. They're they're fine. They're okay. But They're they're fine. They're okay. But They're they're fine. They're okay. But why would you do that when you can use why would you do that when you can use why would you do that when you can use Vectal? Plus you can move your entire Vectal? Plus you can move your entire Vectal? Plus you can move your entire team over to Vectal. give custom prompts team over to Vectal. give custom prompts team over to Vectal. give custom prompts to every single team member so that all to every single team member so that all to every single team member so that all of the AI agents, no matter which model of the AI agents, no matter which model of the AI agents, no matter which model they're using, know what each person on they're using, know what each person on they're using, know what each person on the team is doing. Plus, if you have the team is doing. Plus, if you have the team is doing. Plus, if you have Vectoral Pro, you get unlimited access Vectoral Pro, you get unlimited access Vectoral Pro, you get unlimited access to GBD5. That's right. Everyone who gets to GBD5. That's right. Everyone who gets to GBD5. That's right. Everyone who gets Vectoral Pro, gets unlimited GBD5. Plus, Vectoral Pro, gets unlimited GBD5. Plus, Vectoral Pro, gets unlimited GBD5. Plus, you get access to all the other features you get access to all the other features you get access to all the other features such as idea inbox, tasks, notes, such as idea inbox, tasks, notes, such as idea inbox, tasks, notes, calendar, and the newly launched calendar, and the newly launched calendar, and the newly launched workflows. So, if you're someone who workflows. So, if you're someone who workflows. So, if you're someone who likes to be hyperproductive and if you likes to be hyperproductive and if you likes to be hyperproductive and if you want to instantly boost the productivity want to instantly boost the productivity want to instantly boost the productivity of everyone on your team, go to Vectori of everyone on your team, go to Vectori of everyone on your team, go to Vectori and give it a shot. If you just sit down and give it a shot. If you just sit down and give it a shot. If you just sit down for 10 minutes and actually move your for 10 minutes and actually move your for 10 minutes and actually move your tasks over to Vectal, I promise you tasks over to Vectal, I promise you tasks over to Vectal, I promise you won't look back. With that being said, won't look back. With that being said, won't look back. With that being said, thank you guys for watching and I wish thank you guys for watching and I wish thank you guys for watching and I wish you a wonderful, productive week.
