Title: The New and Improved Way to Build ANYTHING with AI
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

The way applications are built these The way applications are built these The way applications are built these days is fundamentally changing. And in days is fundamentally changing. And in days is fundamentally changing. And in today's video, we'll be looking at a today's video, we'll be looking at a today's video, we'll be looking at a novel approach to building things. novel approach to building things. novel approach to building things. Because on this channel, you've seen me Because on this channel, you've seen me Because on this channel, you've seen me cover many text to application programs. cover many text to application programs. cover many text to application programs. But never before have we looked at But never before have we looked at But never before have we looked at something that is referred to as an AD, something that is referred to as an AD, something that is referred to as an AD, an agentic development environment. This an agentic development environment. This an agentic development environment. This is not a command line interface that is not a command line interface that is not a command line interface that builds stuff for you like plot code. And builds stuff for you like plot code. And builds stuff for you like plot code. And it's not an IDE like VS Code or it's not an IDE like VS Code or it's not an IDE like VS Code or something like cursor that takes VS Code something like cursor that takes VS Code something like cursor that takes VS Code and adds AI on top. This is an and adds AI on top. This is an and adds AI on top. This is an application that is engineered from the application that is engineered from the application that is engineered from the ground up to build with both humans and ground up to build with both humans and ground up to build with both humans and agents working in unison. And in today's agents working in unison. And in today's agents working in unison. And in today's video, I'm exploring this workflow video, I'm exploring this workflow video, I'm exploring this workflow together with you. And we'll be building together with you. And we'll be building together with you. And we'll be building a real world app that I personally a real world app that I personally a real world app that I personally actually need right now. Concretely, actually need right now. Concretely, actually need right now. Concretely, it's something relatively simple, but it's something relatively simple, but it's something relatively simple, but the look of it really matters to me the look of it really matters to me the look of it really matters to me because we'll be building a companion because we'll be building a companion because we'll be building a companion app for my upcoming book that is coming app for my upcoming book that is coming app for my upcoming book that is coming in early 2026. The book is all about in early 2026. The book is all about in early 2026. The book is all about introducing newcomers to AI technologies introducing newcomers to AI technologies introducing newcomers to AI technologies in chat. And this application we build in chat. And this application we build in chat. And this application we build today is going to be the digital today is going to be the digital today is going to be the digital companion to the book. So people can companion to the book. So people can companion to the book. So people can actually get some of the prompts from actually get some of the prompts from actually get some of the prompts from the book directly in their browser. the book directly in their browser. the book directly in their browser. We'll walk through the entire process We'll walk through the entire process We'll walk through the entire process together from ideiation to crafting the together from ideiation to crafting the together from ideiation to crafting the prompt to building and refining the prompt to building and refining the prompt to building and refining the application. And before we get started, application. And before we get started, application. And before we get started, I want to point out that Warp, the I want to point out that Warp, the I want to point out that Warp, the application that we'll be using here application that we'll be using here application that we'll be using here today, is the sponsor of today's video. today, is the sponsor of today's video. today, is the sponsor of today's video. But as you know, we pick our sponsors But as you know, we pick our sponsors But as you know, we pick our sponsors very carefully. And this is a new very carefully. And this is a new very carefully. And this is a new approach doing these things. And I approach doing these things. And I approach doing these things. And I myself especially enjoy working with myself especially enjoy working with myself especially enjoy working with companies that are really trying to companies that are really trying to companies that are really trying to carve out new niches within the AI space carve out new niches within the AI space carve out new niches within the AI space and something that's labeled an agentic and something that's labeled an agentic and something that's labeled an agentic development environment definitely development environment definitely development environment definitely checks that box. So with that being checks that box. So with that being checks that box. So with that being said, let's do what I personally enjoy said, let's do what I personally enjoy said, let's do what I personally enjoy the most and that's actually build the most and that's actually build the most and that's actually build something. To get started, you will need something. To get started, you will need something. To get started, you will need to install Warp on your machine. to install Warp on your machine. to install Warp on your machine. Luckily, this couldn't be any simpler. Luckily, this couldn't be any simpler. Luckily, this couldn't be any simpler. You download the installer whether You download the installer whether You download the installer whether you're on a Windows or on a Mac. You run you're on a Windows or on a Mac. You run you're on a Windows or on a Mac. You run it and that's really it. All you need to it and that's really it. All you need to it and that's really it. All you need to do now is login with GitHub. This would do now is login with GitHub. This would do now is login with GitHub. This would be my recommendation as it automatically be my recommendation as it automatically be my recommendation as it automatically links it then and we're ready to work. links it then and we're ready to work. links it then and we're ready to work. So what I'm going to be showing you in So what I'm going to be showing you in So what I'm going to be showing you in this video is not just the build of the this video is not just the build of the this video is not just the build of the application within Warp, but also the application within Warp, but also the application within Warp, but also the ideation stage. And there's multiple ideation stage. And there's multiple ideation stage. And there's multiple ways to do that. You can do that both ways to do that. You can do that both ways to do that. You can do that both within the LLM of your choice or you can within the LLM of your choice or you can within the LLM of your choice or you can do it directly within Warp. If you do it do it directly within Warp. If you do it do it directly within Warp. If you do it within Warp, the entire workflow is within Warp, the entire workflow is within Warp, the entire workflow is self-contained. It can plan, it can take self-contained. It can plan, it can take self-contained. It can plan, it can take screenshots, you can use various models screenshots, you can use various models screenshots, you can use various models and you never have to leave the and you never have to leave the and you never have to leave the application. for me because I have my application. for me because I have my application. for me because I have my worked project set up. In this video, worked project set up. In this video, worked project set up. In this video, I'll be showing you the process in chat I'll be showing you the process in chat I'll be showing you the process in chat GPT, but I will also show the warp GPT, but I will also show the warp GPT, but I will also show the warp variant on the side. And if you decide variant on the side. And if you decide variant on the side. And if you decide to do this in Warp, I really want to to do this in Warp, I really want to to do this in Warp, I really want to show you the settings that you should show you the settings that you should show you the settings that you should change in order for you to get the most change in order for you to get the most change in order for you to get the most out of this. So, as we enter this idea out of this. So, as we enter this idea out of this. So, as we enter this idea stage, if you're working within Warp, stage, if you're working within Warp, stage, if you're working within Warp, you will really want to go to your you will really want to go to your you will really want to go to your profile and then hit settings here and profile and then hit settings here and profile and then hit settings here and then go down to AI. You can add then go down to AI. You can add then go down to AI. You can add different agent profiles. I'll just edit different agent profiles. I'll just edit different agent profiles. I'll just edit the default one that is set up right the default one that is set up right the default one that is set up right here by clicking edit. And the crucial here by clicking edit. And the crucial here by clicking edit. And the crucial setting for planning that I want to setting for planning that I want to setting for planning that I want to bring your attention towards is the bring your attention towards is the bring your attention towards is the planning model up here where you can planning model up here where you can planning model up here where you can pick which model we want to use. So pick which model we want to use. So pick which model we want to use. So maybe I don't want 03. Maybe I want GT5 maybe I don't want 03. Maybe I want GT5 maybe I don't want 03. Maybe I want GT5 with high reasoning. And then down here with high reasoning. And then down here with high reasoning. And then down here there's create plans which you might there's create plans which you might there's create plans which you might want to change to always ask. Meaning want to change to always ask. Meaning want to change to always ask. Meaning that the agent will make plans before that the agent will make plans before that the agent will make plans before working and asking you about them. This working and asking you about them. This working and asking you about them. This is very similar to a workflow inside of is very similar to a workflow inside of is very similar to a workflow inside of any of the CLI tools if you're familiar any of the CLI tools if you're familiar any of the CLI tools if you're familiar with something like the codec cli or with something like the codec cli or with something like the codec cli or clot code. And then as I mentioned, I'll clot code. And then as I mentioned, I'll clot code. And then as I mentioned, I'll be doing this workflow within chat GPT. be doing this workflow within chat GPT. be doing this workflow within chat GPT. But as we go through it, sometimes we'll But as we go through it, sometimes we'll But as we go through it, sometimes we'll also split screen and show you what it also split screen and show you what it also split screen and show you what it looks like in warp if you want to do looks like in warp if you want to do looks like in warp if you want to do everything in one application. And as everything in one application. And as everything in one application. And as per usual, our build will start with per usual, our build will start with per usual, our build will start with some ideation. Now to save us some time some ideation. Now to save us some time some ideation. Now to save us some time and also quite honestly to give me the and also quite honestly to give me the and also quite honestly to give me the space to think through this carefully, I space to think through this carefully, I space to think through this carefully, I went through this chat here with chat went through this chat here with chat went through this chat here with chat chip D5 Pro to flesh out what I really chip D5 Pro to flesh out what I really chip D5 Pro to flesh out what I really want from this application. I'll briefly want from this application. I'll briefly want from this application. I'll briefly show you the highlights of this so you show you the highlights of this so you show you the highlights of this so you can replicate this for yourself and also can replicate this for yourself and also can replicate this for yourself and also to exactly show you what my workflow in to exactly show you what my workflow in to exactly show you what my workflow in a situation like this would look like. I a situation like this would look like. I a situation like this would look like. I started inside of my worked context started inside of my worked context started inside of my worked context project that includes a comprehensive project that includes a comprehensive project that includes a comprehensive overview of my company operations of overview of my company operations of overview of my company operations of everything we do at the AI advantage, everything we do at the AI advantage, everything we do at the AI advantage, our goals and a quarterly road map with our goals and a quarterly road map with our goals and a quarterly road map with the descriptions of the various products the descriptions of the various products the descriptions of the various products we have all in here. And then I always we have all in here. And then I always we have all in here. And then I always like to keep a mission, vision, values like to keep a mission, vision, values like to keep a mission, vision, values file inside of my work context. In file inside of my work context. In file inside of my work context. In there, I start with a simple prompt there, I start with a simple prompt there, I start with a simple prompt where I use voice dictation to formulate where I use voice dictation to formulate where I use voice dictation to formulate my first idea. And I let that run my first idea. And I let that run my first idea. And I let that run through GPT5 Pro. Now, Pro is optional, through GPT5 Pro. Now, Pro is optional, through GPT5 Pro. Now, Pro is optional, but from all the models, it's my but from all the models, it's my but from all the models, it's my absolute favorite right now for the absolute favorite right now for the absolute favorite right now for the reason that it has the ability to reason that it has the ability to reason that it has the ability to consistently surprise me with consistently surprise me with consistently surprise me with suggestions that might go beyond the suggestions that might go beyond the suggestions that might go beyond the scope of what I ask for, but ones that I scope of what I ask for, but ones that I scope of what I ask for, but ones that I really like. Basically, I told it about really like. Basically, I told it about really like. Basically, I told it about the companion app for the book. I tell the companion app for the book. I tell the companion app for the book. I tell you about the structure and what I will you about the structure and what I will you about the structure and what I will provide, and I tell GBT5 Pro that I want provide, and I tell GBT5 Pro that I want provide, and I tell GBT5 Pro that I want help in fleshing out this application. I help in fleshing out this application. I help in fleshing out this application. I end with some constraints like it not end with some constraints like it not end with some constraints like it not being overly complex and what the being overly complex and what the being overly complex and what the purpose of this digital application is. purpose of this digital application is. purpose of this digital application is. In the end, I just add a little bit of In the end, I just add a little bit of In the end, I just add a little bit of flavor by telling it to give me some flavor by telling it to give me some flavor by telling it to give me some creative alternatives and I let it go. creative alternatives and I let it go. creative alternatives and I let it go. As you can see, this is not overly As you can see, this is not overly As you can see, this is not overly specific and I don't even include the specific and I don't even include the specific and I don't even include the content that will be in the application content that will be in the application content that will be in the application or what exact format I expect. And this or what exact format I expect. And this or what exact format I expect. And this is how I often work because by not being is how I often work because by not being is how I often work because by not being too specific in my first prompt, I give too specific in my first prompt, I give too specific in my first prompt, I give it space to think. This is a it space to think. This is a it space to think. This is a brainstorming prompt, not a do this for brainstorming prompt, not a do this for brainstorming prompt, not a do this for me prompt. So, it came back with a bunch me prompt. So, it came back with a bunch me prompt. So, it came back with a bunch of fantastic suggestions and some of fantastic suggestions and some of fantastic suggestions and some choices here. So, for example, here in choices here. So, for example, here in choices here. So, for example, here in 6, it asks me, hey, these are the free 6, it asks me, hey, these are the free 6, it asks me, hey, these are the free delivery choices. You could do a static delivery choices. You could do a static delivery choices. You could do a static web app, do it no code for notion, or web app, do it no code for notion, or web app, do it no code for notion, or you could do it inside of a specific you could do it inside of a specific you could do it inside of a specific tool like Obsidian. And then it gave me tool like Obsidian. And then it gave me tool like Obsidian. And then it gave me all of these creative ideas as I asked all of these creative ideas as I asked all of these creative ideas as I asked for. These are modular add-ons for me to for. These are modular add-ons for me to for. These are modular add-ons for me to consider and so much more HGV5 Pro loves consider and so much more HGV5 Pro loves consider and so much more HGV5 Pro loves to do. So, briefly, I just want to show to do. So, briefly, I just want to show to do. So, briefly, I just want to show you what this would look like if we were you what this would look like if we were you what this would look like if we were to do the process inside of Warp. It's to do the process inside of Warp. It's to do the process inside of Warp. It's way more proactive in its planning. So way more proactive in its planning. So way more proactive in its planning. So it creates a project and a GitHub it creates a project and a GitHub it creates a project and a GitHub repository right away and then it gives repository right away and then it gives repository right away and then it gives me a plan. Now you can see that the plan me a plan. Now you can see that the plan me a plan. Now you can see that the plan includes free features and it proposes a includes free features and it proposes a includes free features and it proposes a technical architecture. Whereas here in technical architecture. Whereas here in technical architecture. Whereas here in chatbt it's just the nature of chatt to chatbt it's just the nature of chatt to chatbt it's just the nature of chatt to be a bit more conversational. So it be a bit more conversational. So it be a bit more conversational. So it gives me way more options and it's also gives me way more options and it's also gives me way more options and it's also the pro model in here that just really the pro model in here that just really the pro model in here that just really gives me a lot of choices along the way. gives me a lot of choices along the way. gives me a lot of choices along the way. Whereas within warp it pretty much tells Whereas within warp it pretty much tells Whereas within warp it pretty much tells me hey this is how I would do it. What me hey this is how I would do it. What me hey this is how I would do it. What do you think of that? And now I could do you think of that? And now I could do you think of that? And now I could accept or reject those edits. But as accept or reject those edits. But as accept or reject those edits. But as mentioned, I'll keep going here with the mentioned, I'll keep going here with the mentioned, I'll keep going here with the chat GPD workflow. But the big advantage chat GPD workflow. But the big advantage chat GPD workflow. But the big advantage here is I get to choose from all models, here is I get to choose from all models, here is I get to choose from all models, right? So practically on different right? So practically on different right? So practically on different projects, I would just try different projects, I would just try different projects, I would just try different approaches. Now let's get back into my approaches. Now let's get back into my approaches. Now let's get back into my chatb workflow here. And this is where I chatb workflow here. And this is where I chatb workflow here. And this is where I start zeroing in on my idea. I follow up start zeroing in on my idea. I follow up start zeroing in on my idea. I follow up with quite a lengthy prompt with some with quite a lengthy prompt with some with quite a lengthy prompt with some examples in here because we're getting examples in here because we're getting examples in here because we're getting specific at this point in time. And you specific at this point in time. And you specific at this point in time. And you can see I start out by saying create a can see I start out by saying create a can see I start out by saying create a prompt for V1 of the AI builder app. prompt for V1 of the AI builder app. prompt for V1 of the AI builder app. Also, there will be no login just to Also, there will be no login just to Also, there will be no login just to clarify that. That was something that clarify that. That was something that clarify that. That was something that came up in here. Then I continued to came up in here. Then I continued to came up in here. Then I continued to describe this image that I found on the describe this image that I found on the describe this image that I found on the web and I said I attach an image of a web and I said I attach an image of a web and I said I attach an image of a prompt organizer layout that I like. No prompt organizer layout that I like. No prompt organizer layout that I like. No need for editing or adding new ones in need for editing or adding new ones in need for editing or adding new ones in this app. Of course, I just found this this app. Of course, I just found this this app. Of course, I just found this off a quick Google search and I like the off a quick Google search and I like the off a quick Google search and I like the simplistic layouts. The aesthetics on simplistic layouts. The aesthetics on simplistic layouts. The aesthetics on this are really important to me because this are really important to me because this are really important to me because well, just think aesthetics matter. well, just think aesthetics matter. well, just think aesthetics matter. We're visual creatures and if I'm going We're visual creatures and if I'm going We're visual creatures and if I'm going to make something better look good and to make something better look good and to make something better look good and this is as simple as it gets. I can this is as simple as it gets. I can this is as simple as it gets. I can really see something like this work with really see something like this work with really see something like this work with the different categories here on the the different categories here on the the different categories here on the left and then a clear interface on the left and then a clear interface on the left and then a clear interface on the right. If you're building apps, it's right. If you're building apps, it's right. If you're building apps, it's really helpful to have some mockups in really helpful to have some mockups in really helpful to have some mockups in the process. There's various libraries, the process. There's various libraries, the process. There's various libraries, but also a quick Google search does it but also a quick Google search does it but also a quick Google search does it often times. Just make sure to add this often times. Just make sure to add this often times. Just make sure to add this snippet here to tell it what you snippet here to tell it what you snippet here to tell it what you actually like about this image and what actually like about this image and what actually like about this image and what you want to adopt. Then I'm very you want to adopt. Then I'm very you want to adopt. Then I'm very specific and say for 6, let's do a and specific and say for 6, let's do a and specific and say for 6, let's do a and if you remember 6 was these three if you remember 6 was these three if you remember 6 was these three options down here. So we're going with options down here. So we're going with options down here. So we're going with the zero backend static web app. This the zero backend static web app. This the zero backend static web app. This will be perfect for the MVP just like will be perfect for the MVP just like will be perfect for the MVP just like chatb said. And then I picked three chatb said. And then I picked three chatb said. And then I picked three features that I actually want in here. I features that I actually want in here. I features that I actually want in here. I want the dice roll where I can randomize want the dice roll where I can randomize want the dice roll where I can randomize the fields from the prompt formula to the fields from the prompt formula to the fields from the prompt formula to fill it in and to spark some fill it in and to spark some fill it in and to spark some inspiration. Also, the book includes inspiration. Also, the book includes inspiration. Also, the book includes some tone and style presets that I some tone and style presets that I some tone and style presets that I really enjoy. So, an ability to choose really enjoy. So, an ability to choose really enjoy. So, an ability to choose that right within the website is ideal. that right within the website is ideal. that right within the website is ideal. And for people who want to use it in And for people who want to use it in And for people who want to use it in their automations or agents, markdown their automations or agents, markdown their automations or agents, markdown export is a must. Okay, quite simple. export is a must. Okay, quite simple. export is a must. Okay, quite simple. So, basically, I made some choices and So, basically, I made some choices and So, basically, I made some choices and gave it some concrete visual gave it some concrete visual gave it some concrete visual instructions. A picture says more than a instructions. A picture says more than a instructions. A picture says more than a thousand words, and I use that to my thousand words, and I use that to my thousand words, and I use that to my advantage all the time. Okay, so advantage all the time. Okay, so advantage all the time. Okay, so underneath it's quite simple. I just underneath it's quite simple. I just underneath it's quite simple. I just gave it a part of a manuscript to show gave it a part of a manuscript to show gave it a part of a manuscript to show it some example prompts. Again, this is it some example prompts. Again, this is it some example prompts. Again, this is a beginner book that has really been a beginner book that has really been a beginner book that has really been refined to produce behavioral change in refined to produce behavioral change in refined to produce behavioral change in people. And if you're watching this people. And if you're watching this people. And if you're watching this video, you're most likely at the deep video, you're most likely at the deep video, you're most likely at the deep end of the AI pool, so to say. So, don't end of the AI pool, so to say. So, don't end of the AI pool, so to say. So, don't worry about these prompts. This book is worry about these prompts. This book is worry about these prompts. This book is most likely targeted at your parents or most likely targeted at your parents or most likely targeted at your parents or grandparents. If you're interested, by grandparents. If you're interested, by grandparents. If you're interested, by the way, I'll put a link to the the way, I'll put a link to the the way, I'll put a link to the pre-order in the description. But that's pre-order in the description. But that's pre-order in the description. But that's not the point. We're building this not the point. We're building this not the point. We're building this application in here. And as soon as I application in here. And as soon as I application in here. And as soon as I hit enter, GT5 Pro fought for 9 and 1/2 hit enter, GT5 Pro fought for 9 and 1/2 hit enter, GT5 Pro fought for 9 and 1/2 minutes, and it came back with something minutes, and it came back with something minutes, and it came back with something that I was actually really happy with. that I was actually really happy with. that I was actually really happy with. No further edits here. This is really No further edits here. This is really No further edits here. This is really everything I need. It starts with a gold everything I need. It starts with a gold everything I need. It starts with a gold building block, gives it the text stack, building block, gives it the text stack, building block, gives it the text stack, it describes the layouts that I gave it it describes the layouts that I gave it it describes the layouts that I gave it via image in detail, maps out the logic, via image in detail, maps out the logic, via image in detail, maps out the logic, and then I can import all of the prompts and then I can import all of the prompts and then I can import all of the prompts and more via JSON file. It also has that and more via JSON file. It also has that and more via JSON file. It also has that functionality. So, I'm just going to functionality. So, I'm just going to functionality. So, I'm just going to copy paste all of this. And now we're copy paste all of this. And now we're copy paste all of this. And now we're really ready to build because I have a really ready to build because I have a really ready to build because I have a very detailed prompt to start here. Now, very detailed prompt to start here. Now, very detailed prompt to start here. Now, I can just copy paste the prompt and hit I can just copy paste the prompt and hit I can just copy paste the prompt and hit enter. And if you have experience with enter. And if you have experience with enter. And if you have experience with these apps, you will immediately see these apps, you will immediately see these apps, you will immediately see that this is a mix of many things that that this is a mix of many things that that this is a mix of many things that you might be familiar with. It looks you might be familiar with. It looks you might be familiar with. It looks like a terminal and has some like a terminal and has some like a terminal and has some similarities with VS Code, but really similarities with VS Code, but really similarities with VS Code, but really it's a hybrid that is optimized for a it's a hybrid that is optimized for a it's a hybrid that is optimized for a human plus AI workflow. You will see it human plus AI workflow. You will see it human plus AI workflow. You will see it ask permission on various tasks like ask permission on various tasks like ask permission on various tasks like these bash commands just like a terminal these bash commands just like a terminal these bash commands just like a terminal would. And it does everything you would would. And it does everything you would would. And it does everything you would expect from aentic coding tool. And as I expect from aentic coding tool. And as I expect from aentic coding tool. And as I mentioned, it has a lot of similarities mentioned, it has a lot of similarities mentioned, it has a lot of similarities with other agentic tools like these task with other agentic tools like these task with other agentic tools like these task lists. And one tip is that if you log in lists. And one tip is that if you log in lists. And one tip is that if you log in with GitHub right away, it has access with GitHub right away, it has access with GitHub right away, it has access and it will work in a brand new repo, and it will work in a brand new repo, and it will work in a brand new repo, meaning that every time you make meaning that every time you make meaning that every time you make updates, you will have built-in updates, you will have built-in updates, you will have built-in versioning. So even if you break versioning. So even if you break versioning. So even if you break something, you can just go back in time. something, you can just go back in time. something, you can just go back in time. And it's not just the interface that is And it's not just the interface that is And it's not just the interface that is different here. Warp performs different here. Warp performs different here. Warp performs exceptionally on various coding exceptionally on various coding exceptionally on various coding benchmarks. Of course, the real world benchmarks. Of course, the real world benchmarks. Of course, the real world performance is what matters most, but performance is what matters most, but performance is what matters most, but some of these benchmarks score higher some of these benchmarks score higher some of these benchmarks score higher than claw code, which is definitely not than claw code, which is definitely not than claw code, which is definitely not a bad thing. So at this point, I want to a bad thing. So at this point, I want to a bad thing. So at this point, I want to point out that this tool really shines point out that this tool really shines point out that this tool really shines if you do know how to work with code if you do know how to work with code if you do know how to work with code because it shows everything to you over because it shows everything to you over because it shows everything to you over here. And you could also directly open here. And you could also directly open here. And you could also directly open the file to make changes right in here. the file to make changes right in here. the file to make changes right in here. And there it is. It finished the task And there it is. It finished the task And there it is. It finished the task and it's writing the entire readme. And and it's writing the entire readme. And and it's writing the entire readme. And that's it. It created all of this that's it. It created all of this that's it. It created all of this autonomously as you would expect. Now autonomously as you would expect. Now autonomously as you would expect. Now I'll just ask it to open it in my I'll just ask it to open it in my I'll just ask it to open it in my browser and it will start the browser and it will start the browser and it will start the development server and do all of this development server and do all of this development server and do all of this for me just like I could do in a command for me just like I could do in a command for me just like I could do in a command line interface. But you might be line interface. But you might be line interface. But you might be noticing some of the differences that noticing some of the differences that noticing some of the differences that this requires zero to no setup. I didn't this requires zero to no setup. I didn't this requires zero to no setup. I didn't have to install GitHub. I didn't have to have to install GitHub. I didn't have to have to install GitHub. I didn't have to set up the repo. I didn't have to set up the repo. I didn't have to set up the repo. I didn't have to connect API keys. I didn't need an connect API keys. I didn't need an connect API keys. I didn't need an external application to look at what external application to look at what external application to look at what it's doing. It's all just in one. Now I it's doing. It's all just in one. Now I it's doing. It's all just in one. Now I am manually approving the edits, but you am manually approving the edits, but you am manually approving the edits, but you could just hit this and auto approve could just hit this and auto approve could just hit this and auto approve everything it's doing. And even some of everything it's doing. And even some of everything it's doing. And even some of these features are things that you just these features are things that you just these features are things that you just won't find in something like flaw code won't find in something like flaw code won't find in something like flaw code right now. And it's important to note right now. And it's important to note right now. And it's important to note that I'm not saying that it's clearly that I'm not saying that it's clearly that I'm not saying that it's clearly better. It will really depend on what better. It will really depend on what better. It will really depend on what you're doing. It's just different. And you're doing. It's just different. And you're doing. It's just different. And my hope is that for an actual project my hope is that for an actual project my hope is that for an actual project like this, you will get a feeling for like this, you will get a feeling for like this, you will get a feeling for what is different about it and then you what is different about it and then you what is different about it and then you can try it and make an informed decision can try it and make an informed decision can try it and make an informed decision for yourself. Okay, let's review the for yourself. Okay, let's review the for yourself. Okay, let's review the first version of the application. And first version of the application. And first version of the application. And here it is, the first version of our here it is, the first version of our here it is, the first version of our prompt companion. Okay, so we have the prompt companion. Okay, so we have the prompt companion. Okay, so we have the chapters on the left just like we chapters on the left just like we chapters on the left just like we wanted. Spacing looks good. I just say wanted. Spacing looks good. I just say wanted. Spacing looks good. I just say the color theme is a bit bland. I mean, the color theme is a bit bland. I mean, the color theme is a bit bland. I mean, especially if nothing is selected. So, especially if nothing is selected. So, especially if nothing is selected. So, if I dice roll, yeah, I get the prompt if I dice roll, yeah, I get the prompt if I dice roll, yeah, I get the prompt preview here. Okay, so this is due for preview here. Okay, so this is due for preview here. Okay, so this is due for some changes. I want to hide these some changes. I want to hide these some changes. I want to hide these dynamic fields. I want to hide examples dynamic fields. I want to hide examples dynamic fields. I want to hide examples and the return as should look and the return as should look and the return as should look differently. And then I also want to differently. And then I also want to differently. And then I also want to change the styling. So, let's see how we change the styling. So, let's see how we change the styling. So, let's see how we would go about that in here. At this would go about that in here. At this would go about that in here. At this point in time, I would just want to point in time, I would just want to point in time, I would just want to commit this to GitHub. So, I have this commit this to GitHub. So, I have this commit this to GitHub. So, I have this version on there. And I'll just auto version on there. And I'll just auto version on there. And I'll just auto approve all these edits. And meanwhile, approve all these edits. And meanwhile, approve all these edits. And meanwhile, I can show you around because if you I can show you around because if you I can show you around because if you open a side pane, you'd have various open a side pane, you'd have various open a side pane, you'd have various resources to make your life easier with resources to make your life easier with resources to make your life easier with starter prompts, workflows, and you starter prompts, workflows, and you starter prompts, workflows, and you could also add global or project-based could also add global or project-based could also add global or project-based rules that MCP servers here. If you've rules that MCP servers here. If you've rules that MCP servers here. If you've used some of the command line used some of the command line used some of the command line interfaces, you will know that these interfaces, you will know that these interfaces, you will know that these things are possible. They're just not things are possible. They're just not things are possible. They're just not intuitive. And all of these starter intuitive. And all of these starter intuitive. And all of these starter prompts you kind of have to keep in your prompts you kind of have to keep in your prompts you kind of have to keep in your head in an extra file. This really head in an extra file. This really head in an extra file. This really combines everything into one visual combines everything into one visual combines everything into one visual interface that is made for humans. And interface that is made for humans. And interface that is made for humans. And that sort of just makes sense when that sort of just makes sense when that sort of just makes sense when you're working with it as a human. Okay, you're working with it as a human. Okay, you're working with it as a human. Okay, so this is in Git right now. Now, let's so this is in Git right now. Now, let's so this is in Git right now. Now, let's make the change we talked about. No need make the change we talked about. No need make the change we talked about. No need to show the dynamic fields and example to show the dynamic fields and example to show the dynamic fields and example fields. And at this point, I can switch fields. And at this point, I can switch fields. And at this point, I can switch up my model. So, to edit existing code, up my model. So, to edit existing code, up my model. So, to edit existing code, I really like to use some of the more I really like to use some of the more I really like to use some of the more advanced models. Although, this is a advanced models. Although, this is a advanced models. Although, this is a really simple task. Usually, when you're really simple task. Usually, when you're really simple task. Usually, when you're laying out a brand new project, even laying out a brand new project, even laying out a brand new project, even some of the more economic models like some of the more economic models like some of the more economic models like Sonnet do that super well, but as soon Sonnet do that super well, but as soon Sonnet do that super well, but as soon as you start doing edits, that's when I as you start doing edits, that's when I as you start doing edits, that's when I personally like to switch up to some of personally like to switch up to some of personally like to switch up to some of the higher tier models. Okay, let me the higher tier models. Okay, let me the higher tier models. Okay, let me open this project explorer to really see open this project explorer to really see open this project explorer to really see the changes that are happening in here. the changes that are happening in here. the changes that are happening in here. So, here it went into the app.js JS So, here it went into the app.js JS So, here it went into the app.js JS inside of my source folder as I can see inside of my source folder as I can see inside of my source folder as I can see here and it removed the buttons that I here and it removed the buttons that I here and it removed the buttons that I asked for. Now, this is probably my asked for. Now, this is probably my asked for. Now, this is probably my favorite thing in here because you can favorite thing in here because you can favorite thing in here because you can toggle this open. You can see the exact toggle this open. You can see the exact toggle this open. You can see the exact changes that it made. It's not just changes that it made. It's not just changes that it made. It's not just going to disappear in this endless feed going to disappear in this endless feed going to disappear in this endless feed that a CLI interface often is, but you that a CLI interface often is, but you that a CLI interface often is, but you can really go in and see, okay, this is can really go in and see, okay, this is can really go in and see, okay, this is what it removed. This is what it added what it removed. This is what it added what it removed. This is what it added instead. And then it also removed some instead. And then it also removed some instead. And then it also removed some of the unused state variables that it of the unused state variables that it of the unused state variables that it set up for this. Now, if I refresh the set up for this. Now, if I refresh the set up for this. Now, if I refresh the page, if something doesn't work as page, if something doesn't work as page, if something doesn't work as expected, I can just tell it restart the expected, I can just tell it restart the expected, I can just tell it restart the dev server. Okay. And there it is. It dev server. Okay. And there it is. It dev server. Okay. And there it is. It removed the two fields. This works well. removed the two fields. This works well. removed the two fields. This works well. So, right now, the main thing is the So, right now, the main thing is the So, right now, the main thing is the design for me. This doesn't really work. design for me. This doesn't really work. design for me. This doesn't really work. And actually, as I was on a Warp And actually, as I was on a Warp And actually, as I was on a Warp website, I kind of like what I have website, I kind of like what I have website, I kind of like what I have going on here with their website. So, going on here with their website. So, going on here with their website. So, how about I take inspiration from here how about I take inspiration from here how about I take inspiration from here just by taking a screenshot and then just by taking a screenshot and then just by taking a screenshot and then back in Warp. I'll paste that. No back in Warp. I'll paste that. No back in Warp. I'll paste that. No problem at all. Then you can do problem at all. Then you can do problem at all. Then you can do something simple like adjust the styling something simple like adjust the styling something simple like adjust the styling to align with the attached screenshot. to align with the attached screenshot. to align with the attached screenshot. Let's see how this goes. Okay, let's Let's see how this goes. Okay, let's Let's see how this goes. Okay, let's have a look. Yes, this is more like it. have a look. Yes, this is more like it. have a look. Yes, this is more like it. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. A Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. A Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. A prompt formula up here. You can dice prompt formula up here. You can dice prompt formula up here. You can dice roll to get various examples. Okay, just roll to get various examples. Okay, just roll to get various examples. Okay, just this thing should work differently. And this thing should work differently. And this thing should work differently. And this time we'll take a bit of a this time we'll take a bit of a this time we'll take a bit of a different approach. So I can just work different approach. So I can just work different approach. So I can just work directly with the code. So I can just directly with the code. So I can just directly with the code. So I can just look for this functionality that I want look for this functionality that I want look for this functionality that I want to change. Output format buttons and I to change. Output format buttons and I to change. Output format buttons and I could for example change MD to markdown could for example change MD to markdown could for example change MD to markdown save and I don't even have to reload and save and I don't even have to reload and save and I don't even have to reload and you immediately see the change in here. you immediately see the change in here. you immediately see the change in here. And if I want to review those changes, I And if I want to review those changes, I And if I want to review those changes, I have this view changes button where I have this view changes button where I have this view changes button where I can see exactly what just happened and can see exactly what just happened and can see exactly what just happened and it leads me to the code making my life it leads me to the code making my life it leads me to the code making my life as easy as possible. just keeping me in as easy as possible. just keeping me in as easy as possible. just keeping me in the loop with everything that's going on the loop with everything that's going on the loop with everything that's going on rather than AI just running wild all rather than AI just running wild all rather than AI just running wild all over the place. Oh, and another thing is over the place. Oh, and another thing is over the place. Oh, and another thing is that I could open multiple windows here. that I could open multiple windows here. that I could open multiple windows here. So, if I want to make this change in So, if I want to make this change in So, if I want to make this change in here and I want to start a brand new tab here and I want to start a brand new tab here and I want to start a brand new tab with the same app here. So, this one I with the same app here. So, this one I with the same app here. So, this one I might want to make the prompt format might want to make the prompt format might want to make the prompt format more prominent and here I'm changing the more prominent and here I'm changing the more prominent and here I'm changing the first button. You can work in parallel first button. You can work in parallel first button. You can work in parallel and because it tracks the changes so and because it tracks the changes so and because it tracks the changes so well, I can make sure that they don't well, I can make sure that they don't well, I can make sure that they don't overlap. Okay, I did both of them at the overlap. Okay, I did both of them at the overlap. Okay, I did both of them at the same time. And here's the new version. I same time. And here's the new version. I same time. And here's the new version. I love how the formula that's the key here love how the formula that's the key here love how the formula that's the key here is highlighted. This button works well. is highlighted. This button works well. is highlighted. This button works well. My final note here is moving this dice My final note here is moving this dice My final note here is moving this dice roll button. Oh, and here I actually roll button. Oh, and here I actually roll button. Oh, and here I actually caught it doing something I don't want. caught it doing something I don't want. caught it doing something I don't want. I don't want to review the preview card, I don't want to review the preview card, I don't want to review the preview card, just the title. So, I can review the just the title. So, I can review the just the title. So, I can review the full changes here. We'll refine this by full changes here. We'll refine this by full changes here. We'll refine this by saying only review the preview title, saying only review the preview title, saying only review the preview title, not the entire card. Now, I can tell you not the entire card. Now, I can tell you not the entire card. Now, I can tell you that this is something that inside of a that this is something that inside of a that this is something that inside of a CLI code editor, you would kind of just CLI code editor, you would kind of just CLI code editor, you would kind of just auto approve and then you would be auto approve and then you would be auto approve and then you would be reverting to a previous version after it reverting to a previous version after it reverting to a previous version after it does it all. And that's a real advantage does it all. And that's a real advantage does it all. And that's a real advantage of this. More control, more overview of this. More control, more overview of this. More control, more overview because the interface is built for that. because the interface is built for that. because the interface is built for that. Okay. And here we see the change. Yeah, Okay. And here we see the change. Yeah, Okay. And here we see the change. Yeah, this is more like it with the formula. this is more like it with the formula. this is more like it with the formula. We can dice roll to get different We can dice roll to get different We can dice roll to get different examples. And I think that completes the examples. And I think that completes the examples. And I think that completes the build here. Now, I might want privacy build here. Now, I might want privacy build here. Now, I might want privacy policies, more prompts, and maybe some policies, more prompts, and maybe some policies, more prompts, and maybe some social media links, but this design and social media links, but this design and social media links, but this design and the functionality aligns with what I the functionality aligns with what I the functionality aligns with what I wanted here. I'll just commit this wanted here. I'll just commit this wanted here. I'll just commit this version to GitHub. And that's it for version to GitHub. And that's it for version to GitHub. And that's it for now. So, hopefully this workflow now. So, hopefully this workflow now. So, hopefully this workflow introduced you to this new approach to a introduced you to this new approach to a introduced you to this new approach to a coding interface because I think these coding interface because I think these coding interface because I think these apps are due for an evolution. If you apps are due for an evolution. If you apps are due for an evolution. If you like what you saw and you appreciate like what you saw and you appreciate like what you saw and you appreciate this mix of us powerful CLI and the this mix of us powerful CLI and the this mix of us powerful CLI and the editable code and the deep GitHub editable code and the deep GitHub editable code and the deep GitHub integration, the simple interface, then integration, the simple interface, then integration, the simple interface, then go check out Warp today. It's available go check out Warp today. It's available go check out Warp today. It's available for Mac, Windows, and Linux. And they for Mac, Windows, and Linux. And they for Mac, Windows, and Linux. And they actually prepared a deal that is almost actually prepared a deal that is almost actually prepared a deal that is almost too good to be true because for a too good to be true because for a too good to be true because for a limited time, you can get their pro plan limited time, you can get their pro plan limited time, you can get their pro plan for just $1 in your first month. All you for just $1 in your first month. All you for just $1 in your first month. All you have to do is go to the link in the have to do is go to the link in the have to do is go to the link in the description and use the code eigore to description and use the code eigore to description and use the code eigore to redeem that offer. And with that being redeem that offer. And with that being redeem that offer. And with that being said, my name is Igor and I'll see you said, my name is Igor and I'll see you said, my name is Igor and I'll see you very
