Title: The 3 AI Agents everyone should have…
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

Can AI protect you from hackers? In this Can AI protect you from hackers? In this Can AI protect you from hackers? In this video, I'll show you free AI agents for video, I'll show you free AI agents for video, I'll show you free AI agents for cyber security that you must have. And cyber security that you must have. And cyber security that you must have. And that's because the amount of AI powered that's because the amount of AI powered that's because the amount of AI powered cyber attacks is on the rise. This year cyber attacks is on the rise. This year cyber attacks is on the rise. This year alone, over 166 million individuals were alone, over 166 million individuals were alone, over 166 million individuals were affected by cyber attacks. But it only affected by cyber attacks. But it only affected by cyber attacks. But it only gets worse because AI powered attacks gets worse because AI powered attacks gets worse because AI powered attacks have a four time higher success rate have a four time higher success rate have a four time higher success rate than traditional fishing. For example, than traditional fishing. For example, than traditional fishing. For example, new techniques like AI voice spoofing new techniques like AI voice spoofing new techniques like AI voice spoofing where people can clone your voice and where people can clone your voice and where people can clone your voice and call your bank, call your relatives and call your bank, call your relatives and call your bank, call your relatives and extract money are becoming everyday extract money are becoming everyday extract money are becoming everyday occurrence. And the truth is most people occurrence. And the truth is most people occurrence. And the truth is most people have no idea how to guard against these. have no idea how to guard against these. have no idea how to guard against these. Also, let's be honest, for a lot of us, Also, let's be honest, for a lot of us, Also, let's be honest, for a lot of us, our digital life is slowly becoming more our digital life is slowly becoming more our digital life is slowly becoming more important than our physical one. Now, we important than our physical one. Now, we important than our physical one. Now, we all understand the importance of cyber all understand the importance of cyber all understand the importance of cyber security, but the truth is most people security, but the truth is most people security, but the truth is most people don't do anything about it. And that's don't do anything about it. And that's don't do anything about it. And that's why I put together an AI first cyber why I put together an AI first cyber why I put together an AI first cyber security course for 2026. I'll show you security course for 2026. I'll show you security course for 2026. I'll show you the free AI agents that manage my own the free AI agents that manage my own the free AI agents that manage my own cyber security and how to set them up. cyber security and how to set them up. cyber security and how to set them up. And the best part is you only set them And the best part is you only set them And the best part is you only set them up once and they run forever acting as up once and they run forever acting as up once and they run forever acting as your digital bodyguards in a sense. Now, your digital bodyguards in a sense. Now, your digital bodyguards in a sense. Now, just by having these free AI agents, just by having these free AI agents, just by having these free AI agents, you'll already be ahead of 99% of people you'll already be ahead of 99% of people you'll already be ahead of 99% of people when it comes to the cyber security. And when it comes to the cyber security. And when it comes to the cyber security. And no, you don't have to be a professional no, you don't have to be a professional no, you don't have to be a professional programmer to set these up. Now, the programmer to set these up. Now, the programmer to set these up. Now, the first thing you have to understand about first thing you have to understand about first thing you have to understand about cyber security is that most hacks and cyber security is that most hacks and cyber security is that most hacks and breaches are not some crazy hacker breaches are not some crazy hacker breaches are not some crazy hacker targeting you or some new zero day targeting you or some new zero day targeting you or some new zero day attack. It's the stupidest things, attack. It's the stupidest things, attack. It's the stupidest things, right? Such as social engineering, right? Such as social engineering, right? Such as social engineering, someone pretending to be you and calling someone pretending to be you and calling someone pretending to be you and calling your bank or just simple fishing links your bank or just simple fishing links your bank or just simple fishing links that you accidentally click. Now, this that you accidentally click. Now, this that you accidentally click. Now, this is actually good news because in order is actually good news because in order is actually good news because in order to protect yourself against most hacks, to protect yourself against most hacks, to protect yourself against most hacks, like 95% of cyber attacks, you don't like 95% of cyber attacks, you don't like 95% of cyber attacks, you don't need to be a cyber security need to be a cyber security need to be a cyber security professional. You just need to follow a professional. You just need to follow a professional. You just need to follow a few basic things which we will cover in few basic things which we will cover in few basic things which we will cover in this video. So pay attention. Number this video. So pay attention. Number this video. So pay attention. Number one, setting up authenticator apps and one, setting up authenticator apps and one, setting up authenticator apps and not SMS. SMS is not safe. A lot of you not SMS. SMS is not safe. A lot of you not SMS. SMS is not safe. A lot of you are using SMS for two-factor are using SMS for two-factor are using SMS for two-factor authentication. But what you don't authentication. But what you don't authentication. But what you don't realize is that people can spoof your realize is that people can spoof your realize is that people can spoof your SIM card and steal your two F8 codes SIM card and steal your two F8 codes SIM card and steal your two F8 codes relatively easily. So instead of SMS, relatively easily. So instead of SMS, relatively easily. So instead of SMS, you should use a proper authenticator you should use a proper authenticator you should use a proper authenticator app like Google off one password off. app like Google off one password off. app like Google off one password off. Doesn't matter. Use a proper off app, Doesn't matter. Use a proper off app, Doesn't matter. Use a proper off app, not SMS. This already makes it much more not SMS. This already makes it much more not SMS. This already makes it much more difficult to break into any accounts difficult to break into any accounts difficult to break into any accounts rather than just having a single rather than just having a single rather than just having a single password or password and SMS. Lesson password or password and SMS. Lesson password or password and SMS. Lesson number two is to protect yourself number two is to protect yourself number two is to protect yourself against fishing. Now fishing is usually against fishing. Now fishing is usually against fishing. Now fishing is usually fake emails or messaging pretending to fake emails or messaging pretending to fake emails or messaging pretending to be from companies that you trust. Your be from companies that you trust. Your be from companies that you trust. Your bank, Amazon, Microsoft to steal bank, Amazon, Microsoft to steal bank, Amazon, Microsoft to steal passwords or install malware. Now passwords or install malware. Now passwords or install malware. Now actually the way to protect against actually the way to protect against actually the way to protect against fishing is super simple and it's a fishing is super simple and it's a fishing is super simple and it's a 3-second thing. So anytime you see a 3-second thing. So anytime you see a 3-second thing. So anytime you see a link that is suspicious or something link that is suspicious or something link that is suspicious or something that's hyperl, just hover over it. Do that's hyperl, just hover over it. Do that's hyperl, just hover over it. Do not click right away. Hover your mouse not click right away. Hover your mouse not click right away. Hover your mouse over it and look in the bottom left of over it and look in the bottom left of over it and look in the bottom left of your screen to see the actual redirect your screen to see the actual redirect your screen to see the actual redirect URL. This will allow you to see where URL. This will allow you to see where URL. This will allow you to see where the link actually wants to take you. And the link actually wants to take you. And the link actually wants to take you. And if you think fishing attacks are a thing if you think fishing attacks are a thing if you think fishing attacks are a thing of the past, think again because just of the past, think again because just of the past, think again because just last week there was a huge fishing wave last week there was a huge fishing wave last week there was a huge fishing wave hitting Pi Pi maintainers. And these are hitting Pi Pi maintainers. And these are hitting Pi Pi maintainers. And these are actually professional developers. So actually professional developers. So actually professional developers. So these are not dummies. These guys are these are not dummies. These guys are these are not dummies. These guys are serious programmers and they were still serious programmers and they were still serious programmers and they were still compromised. What happened is that the compromised. What happened is that the compromised. What happened is that the hackers were emailing the developers and hackers were emailing the developers and hackers were emailing the developers and maintainers of this Python package with maintainers of this Python package with maintainers of this Python package with fake verify your email or account fake verify your email or account fake verify your email or account suspended messages. So if anything has suspended messages. So if anything has suspended messages. So if anything has some kind of urgency like quickly change some kind of urgency like quickly change some kind of urgency like quickly change your password or your account is about your password or your account is about your password or your account is about to be disabled, pay attention because to be disabled, pay attention because to be disabled, pay attention because it's most likely a scam. If you see a it's most likely a scam. If you see a it's most likely a scam. If you see a link and you are not sure if it's good link and you are not sure if it's good link and you are not sure if it's good or not, just paste it into Vid Total or not, just paste it into Vid Total or not, just paste it into Vid Total before clicking it. So, if you don't before clicking it. So, if you don't before clicking it. So, if you don't know what V total is, it's a free know what V total is, it's a free know what V total is, it's a free website that allows you to analyze website that allows you to analyze website that allows you to analyze files, URLs, or just search to see if files, URLs, or just search to see if files, URLs, or just search to see if something is malicious or if it's legit. something is malicious or if it's legit. something is malicious or if it's legit. But let's be honest, pasting every But let's be honest, pasting every But let's be honest, pasting every single link that you see into V total is single link that you see into V total is single link that you see into V total is a lot of manual work. And you still a lot of manual work. And you still a lot of manual work. And you still might sometimes miss it and click it on might sometimes miss it and click it on might sometimes miss it and click it on accident. Which is why I built an AI accident. Which is why I built an AI accident. Which is why I built an AI agent for this to automate the fishing agent for this to automate the fishing agent for this to automate the fishing analysis of every single email that hits analysis of every single email that hits analysis of every single email that hits your inbox. And the real beauty of this your inbox. And the real beauty of this your inbox. And the real beauty of this AI agent is that you set it up once and AI agent is that you set it up once and AI agent is that you set it up once and it runs forever, which makes you much it runs forever, which makes you much it runs forever, which makes you much less likely to fall for any fishing less likely to fall for any fishing less likely to fall for any fishing scams compared to the average person. scams compared to the average person. scams compared to the average person. All right, so let's jump into NA10 and All right, so let's jump into NA10 and All right, so let's jump into NA10 and let's look at it. Now, if you don't know let's look at it. Now, if you don't know let's look at it. Now, if you don't know what NA10 is, it's basically the what NA10 is, it's basically the what NA10 is, it's basically the simplest way to build AI agents. In simplest way to build AI agents. In simplest way to build AI agents. In fact, it's so simple that you don't have fact, it's so simple that you don't have fact, it's so simple that you don't have to be a programmer at all to start to be a programmer at all to start to be a programmer at all to start building. It's literally drag and drop. building. It's literally drag and drop. building. It's literally drag and drop. So, let me explain this AI agent. On the So, let me explain this AI agent. On the So, let me explain this AI agent. On the first glance, it might look complicated, first glance, it might look complicated, first glance, it might look complicated, but it's much simpler than you think. but it's much simpler than you think. but it's much simpler than you think. And we're going to start by running the And we're going to start by running the And we're going to start by running the full workflow. So, let me click on full workflow. So, let me click on full workflow. So, let me click on execute workflow. It's going to fetch an execute workflow. It's going to fetch an execute workflow. It's going to fetch an email and then run it through the whole email and then run it through the whole email and then run it through the whole agent analyzing it through multiple agent analyzing it through multiple agent analyzing it through multiple different sites. So, let's break it different sites. So, let's break it different sites. So, let's break it down. Gmail trigger, pretty down. Gmail trigger, pretty down. Gmail trigger, pretty self-explanatory. It runs on your email self-explanatory. It runs on your email self-explanatory. It runs on your email and it checks your inbox every minute to and it checks your inbox every minute to and it checks your inbox every minute to see if there's any new emails that you see if there's any new emails that you see if there's any new emails that you received that haven't been checked yet. received that haven't been checked yet. received that haven't been checked yet. Then, it sends the email content into Then, it sends the email content into Then, it sends the email content into this node which splits it into batches this node which splits it into batches this node which splits it into batches in case there is multiple URLs. Now, it in case there is multiple URLs. Now, it in case there is multiple URLs. Now, it seems like the AI agent has finished seems like the AI agent has finished seems like the AI agent has finished running. So, in a second, I'll show you running. So, in a second, I'll show you running. So, in a second, I'll show you the results of it. But first, let me the results of it. But first, let me the results of it. But first, let me explain this code block because this is explain this code block because this is explain this code block because this is where a lot of people get intimidated. where a lot of people get intimidated. where a lot of people get intimidated. And it's actually very simple. We just And it's actually very simple. We just And it's actually very simple. We just use regular expressions with a short use regular expressions with a short use regular expressions with a short Python script, which by the way, I got Python script, which by the way, I got Python script, which by the way, I got Claude to write. So you don't have to do Claude to write. So you don't have to do Claude to write. So you don't have to do any programming yourself. All you need any programming yourself. All you need any programming yourself. All you need to do is ask like, write me a simple to do is ask like, write me a simple to do is ask like, write me a simple script that parses raw body of a Gmail script that parses raw body of a Gmail script that parses raw body of a Gmail and extracts URLs using regular and extracts URLs using regular and extracts URLs using regular expressions. And even if you don't know expressions. And even if you don't know expressions. And even if you don't know regular expressions or what they are, regular expressions or what they are, regular expressions or what they are, you can just say, write me a simple you can just say, write me a simple you can just say, write me a simple Python script to do X, right? Just Python script to do X, right? Just Python script to do X, right? Just describe what you want. Claude just describe what you want. Claude just describe what you want. Claude just released Sonet 4.5 and this model is released Sonet 4.5 and this model is released Sonet 4.5 and this model is really really good. It will figure it really really good. It will figure it really really good. It will figure it out. So as you can see Claude gave me a out. So as you can see Claude gave me a out. So as you can see Claude gave me a simple script. So what you would do is simple script. So what you would do is simple script. So what you would do is copy it. Boom. And just paste it inside copy it. Boom. And just paste it inside copy it. Boom. And just paste it inside of the code block node to kind of clean of the code block node to kind of clean of the code block node to kind of clean it up, right? That's because then we it up, right? That's because then we it up, right? That's because then we have a if else note. This figures out if have a if else note. This figures out if have a if else note. This figures out if there is a URL or not because not every there is a URL or not because not every there is a URL or not because not every email that you receive is going to have email that you receive is going to have email that you receive is going to have some link, right? Most emails probably some link, right? Most emails probably some link, right? Most emails probably don't have any links. But if there is a don't have any links. But if there is a don't have any links. But if there is a link, you want to make sure that we run link, you want to make sure that we run link, you want to make sure that we run it through VUS total. So then here we it through VUS total. So then here we it through VUS total. So then here we have a HTTP node which sends a simple have a HTTP node which sends a simple have a HTTP node which sends a simple post request to the API of V total but post request to the API of V total but post request to the API of V total but at the same time we also check URL scan. at the same time we also check URL scan. at the same time we also check URL scan. So URL scan is a similar service where So URL scan is a similar service where So URL scan is a similar service where it checks the contents of the URL for it checks the contents of the URL for it checks the contents of the URL for any malicious files or redirects or any malicious files or redirects or any malicious files or redirects or stuff like that. Right? So even if half stuff like that. Right? So even if half stuff like that. Right? So even if half of this automation fails, you still get of this automation fails, you still get of this automation fails, you still get protected. So we hit both of these at protected. So we hit both of these at protected. So we hit both of these at the same time. Now URL scan is a bit um the same time. Now URL scan is a bit um the same time. Now URL scan is a bit um flaky sometimes it fails. So that's why flaky sometimes it fails. So that's why flaky sometimes it fails. So that's why we have this error protection and it we have this error protection and it we have this error protection and it also needs a 60-second delay, right? So also needs a 60-second delay, right? So also needs a 60-second delay, right? So we have this weight node but then we get we have this weight node but then we get we have this weight node but then we get the reports from both of these and we the reports from both of these and we the reports from both of these and we merge them using this node combine and merge them using this node combine and merge them using this node combine and then we clean the data once again. This then we clean the data once again. This then we clean the data once again. This time we use JavaScript. It doesn't time we use JavaScript. It doesn't time we use JavaScript. It doesn't really matter to be honest like you can really matter to be honest like you can really matter to be honest like you can just py for JavaScript. Again I got chbd just py for JavaScript. Again I got chbd just py for JavaScript. Again I got chbd or claw to write this super simple. And or claw to write this super simple. And or claw to write this super simple. And the reason we need to clean that up is the reason we need to clean that up is the reason we need to clean that up is because here we have the AI agent. This because here we have the AI agent. This because here we have the AI agent. This is the brain of the whole automation. So is the brain of the whole automation. So is the brain of the whole automation. So let's look at how the AI agent works. let's look at how the AI agent works. let's look at how the AI agent works. Right? So first of all it has AI model. Right? So first of all it has AI model. Right? So first of all it has AI model. We're using GPD 4 mini. This is the We're using GPD 4 mini. This is the We're using GPD 4 mini. This is the go-to uh cheap model for AI agents. go-to uh cheap model for AI agents. go-to uh cheap model for AI agents. Honestly, if you want a really powerful Honestly, if you want a really powerful Honestly, if you want a really powerful model, right now the set just released, model, right now the set just released, model, right now the set just released, so enthropic, you can change that and so enthropic, you can change that and so enthropic, you can change that and you can instead use enthropic models you can instead use enthropic models you can instead use enthropic models with the new cloth 4.5 set, which by the with the new cloth 4.5 set, which by the with the new cloth 4.5 set, which by the way, if you want me to make a video on way, if you want me to make a video on way, if you want me to make a video on that, make sure to subscribe and comment that, make sure to subscribe and comment that, make sure to subscribe and comment below. Sonet 4.5 and I'll make a video below. Sonet 4.5 and I'll make a video below. Sonet 4.5 and I'll make a video because this model is insane. Anyways, because this model is insane. Anyways, because this model is insane. Anyways, for cost effective reasons, GBD4 mini is for cost effective reasons, GBD4 mini is for cost effective reasons, GBD4 mini is a great choice. So, let's look at the a great choice. So, let's look at the a great choice. So, let's look at the system prompt because this is what system prompt because this is what system prompt because this is what matters. To be honest, this system matters. To be honest, this system matters. To be honest, this system probably is a bit advanced, so feel free probably is a bit advanced, so feel free probably is a bit advanced, so feel free to pause and take it. But basically, to pause and take it. But basically, to pause and take it. But basically, what we do is we pass it all of the what we do is we pass it all of the what we do is we pass it all of the results from V total, from URL scan. We results from V total, from URL scan. We results from V total, from URL scan. We give it the raw URL, we give it the raw give it the raw URL, we give it the raw give it the raw URL, we give it the raw email data and anything else the AI email data and anything else the AI email data and anything else the AI agent might need to make a decision on agent might need to make a decision on agent might need to make a decision on whether this is a safe email, whether whether this is a safe email, whether whether this is a safe email, whether it's, you know, on the edge or whether it's, you know, on the edge or whether it's, you know, on the edge or whether it is malicious. And this really is the it is malicious. And this really is the it is malicious. And this really is the power of AI agents because normally you power of AI agents because normally you power of AI agents because normally you would have to do, you know, some would have to do, you know, some would have to do, you know, some parsing, some regular expressions to parsing, some regular expressions to parsing, some regular expressions to figure out if there's some like keywords figure out if there's some like keywords figure out if there's some like keywords or some blacklist. But the AI agent can or some blacklist. But the AI agent can or some blacklist. But the AI agent can make the decision for you, right? He can make the decision for you, right? He can make the decision for you, right? He can take the inputs and figure out is this a take the inputs and figure out is this a take the inputs and figure out is this a suspicious email? Is this catchy? And if suspicious email? Is this catchy? And if suspicious email? Is this catchy? And if so, it uses this tool that send you a so, it uses this tool that send you a so, it uses this tool that send you a Gmail message. Now, if you want Gmail message. Now, if you want Gmail message. Now, if you want something else, you can do Telegram. It something else, you can do Telegram. It something else, you can do Telegram. It can DM you on Telegram. You can do can DM you on Telegram. You can do can DM you on Telegram. You can do Discord. You can do WhatsApp. However Discord. You can do WhatsApp. However Discord. You can do WhatsApp. However you want AI agent to contact you. Now, you want AI agent to contact you. Now, you want AI agent to contact you. Now, this N10 automation is already very this N10 automation is already very this N10 automation is already very useful, but if you think this is useful, but if you think this is useful, but if you think this is impressive, just wait until you see the impressive, just wait until you see the impressive, just wait until you see the other two AI agents. Oh, and by the way, other two AI agents. Oh, and by the way, other two AI agents. Oh, and by the way, as I promised, here's what it looks like as I promised, here's what it looks like as I promised, here's what it looks like when the AI agent sends you the email. when the AI agent sends you the email. when the AI agent sends you the email. As you can see, this one was marked as As you can see, this one was marked as As you can see, this one was marked as safe. Now, the biggest problem with AI safe. Now, the biggest problem with AI safe. Now, the biggest problem with AI agents is that they are only useful if agents is that they are only useful if agents is that they are only useful if they actually run 24/7. Because if you they actually run 24/7. Because if you they actually run 24/7. Because if you build an AI agent and it never runs, build an AI agent and it never runs, build an AI agent and it never runs, it's pointless. Now, the easiest way to it's pointless. Now, the easiest way to it's pointless. Now, the easiest way to make your AI agents run 24/7 is by make your AI agents run 24/7 is by make your AI agents run 24/7 is by hosting your own virtual private server. hosting your own virtual private server. hosting your own virtual private server. And believe it or not, this is much And believe it or not, this is much And believe it or not, this is much simpler than you think. The easiest way simpler than you think. The easiest way simpler than you think. The easiest way to do this is with Hostinger, which is to do this is with Hostinger, which is to do this is with Hostinger, which is what I use for all of my AI agents. And what I use for all of my AI agents. And what I use for all of my AI agents. And the reason is they have optimized their the reason is they have optimized their the reason is they have optimized their VPS for NA10. Plus, the setup is super VPS for NA10. Plus, the setup is super VPS for NA10. Plus, the setup is super simple. Let me show you. So, first off, simple. Let me show you. So, first off, simple. Let me show you. So, first off, to visit the Hostinger site, click the to visit the Hostinger site, click the to visit the Hostinger site, click the link below the video and then click on link below the video and then click on link below the video and then click on choose your plan. Now, Hostinger offers choose your plan. Now, Hostinger offers choose your plan. Now, Hostinger offers many different VPS plans, but I think many different VPS plans, but I think many different VPS plans, but I think the KVN2 one is perfect for most of you, the KVN2 one is perfect for most of you, the KVN2 one is perfect for most of you, and it's also the one me and my team use and it's also the one me and my team use and it's also the one me and my team use internally. So, click on choose plan, internally. So, click on choose plan, internally. So, click on choose plan, and this will redirect you to the and this will redirect you to the and this will redirect you to the checkout. here. Select the period. I checkout. here. Select the period. I checkout. here. Select the period. I recommend going 24 months because when recommend going 24 months because when recommend going 24 months because when you build your agents, you want them to you build your agents, you want them to you build your agents, you want them to be running forever. Plus, you get a be running forever. Plus, you get a be running forever. Plus, you get a really, really solid deal when you go really, really solid deal when you go really, really solid deal when you go with the 24-month plan. You even get a with the 24-month plan. You even get a with the 24-month plan. You even get a free domain for a year as a bonus. And free domain for a year as a bonus. And free domain for a year as a bonus. And since Hostinger was kind enough to since Hostinger was kind enough to since Hostinger was kind enough to sponsor this video, if you click on have sponsor this video, if you click on have sponsor this video, if you click on have coupon code and type in David, you will coupon code and type in David, you will coupon code and type in David, you will get another 10% off of your plan. Next, get another 10% off of your plan. Next, get another 10% off of your plan. Next, we need to select the location of our we need to select the location of our we need to select the location of our server. So, just select whatever is the server. So, just select whatever is the server. So, just select whatever is the closest to you. I'm going to go with closest to you. I'm going to go with closest to you. I'm going to go with France. And then we need to select the France. And then we need to select the France. And then we need to select the operating system. Now, since we're operating system. Now, since we're operating system. Now, since we're building AI agents in NA10, obviously building AI agents in NA10, obviously building AI agents in NA10, obviously we're going to select NA10 right here. we're going to select NA10 right here. we're going to select NA10 right here. And then what remains is finishing the And then what remains is finishing the And then what remains is finishing the checkout. So, click on continue. Next, checkout. So, click on continue. Next, checkout. So, click on continue. Next, we need to create an account. And this we need to create an account. And this we need to create an account. And this takes 20 seconds. Super simple. Now, takes 20 seconds. Super simple. Now, takes 20 seconds. Super simple. Now, after you sign up, you get redirected to after you sign up, you get redirected to after you sign up, you get redirected to the billing page where you fill out your the billing page where you fill out your the billing page where you fill out your name and your billing details and name and your billing details and name and your billing details and complete the purchase of your VPS. And complete the purchase of your VPS. And complete the purchase of your VPS. And once you complete the purchase, you will once you complete the purchase, you will once you complete the purchase, you will find your VPS server right here in your find your VPS server right here in your find your VPS server right here in your hosting panel. And you can see it's hosting panel. And you can see it's hosting panel. And you can see it's already running. So, click on manage. already running. So, click on manage. already running. So, click on manage. And here you can see all the details And here you can see all the details And here you can see all the details about your virtual private server, CPU about your virtual private server, CPU about your virtual private server, CPU usage, memory, outgoing traffic. This is usage, memory, outgoing traffic. This is usage, memory, outgoing traffic. This is literally enough to run hundreds of AI literally enough to run hundreds of AI literally enough to run hundreds of AI agents. But what we need to do is we agents. But what we need to do is we agents. But what we need to do is we need to click on manage app. And this need to click on manage app. And this need to click on manage app. And this will bring you to your NA10 server when will bring you to your NA10 server when will bring you to your NA10 server when you can manage all of your AI agents. So you can manage all of your AI agents. So you can manage all of your AI agents. So if you're serious about building AI if you're serious about building AI if you're serious about building AI agents, make sure to check out agents, make sure to check out agents, make sure to check out Hostinger. Use the link below the video. Hostinger. Use the link below the video. Hostinger. Use the link below the video. It really is the simplest way to host It really is the simplest way to host It really is the simplest way to host your AI agents. Now, the third lesson in your AI agents. Now, the third lesson in your AI agents. Now, the third lesson in cyber security is using multiple emails. cyber security is using multiple emails. cyber security is using multiple emails. A lot of people have a single email for A lot of people have a single email for A lot of people have a single email for everything and this is terrible. What everything and this is terrible. What everything and this is terrible. What you need to do is you need to separate you need to do is you need to separate you need to do is you need to separate your sensitive accounts like your your sensitive accounts like your your sensitive accounts like your banking, your finance, your login from banking, your finance, your login from banking, your finance, your login from the email you use for public the email you use for public the email you use for public communication. For example, you could communication. For example, you could communication. For example, you could have email for applying for jobs, have email for applying for jobs, have email for applying for jobs, sending code emails, email for banking sending code emails, email for banking sending code emails, email for banking apps, sensitive work, and so on. Now, apps, sensitive work, and so on. Now, apps, sensitive work, and so on. Now, this is already a pretty advanced setup, this is already a pretty advanced setup, this is already a pretty advanced setup, but just having two different email but just having two different email but just having two different email addresses, right? one for all the public addresses, right? one for all the public addresses, right? one for all the public facing stuff that other people have and facing stuff that other people have and facing stuff that other people have and another that's like a series of random another that's like a series of random another that's like a series of random characters that only you know that characters that only you know that characters that only you know that already hits the 80 to 20. The next already hits the 80 to 20. The next already hits the 80 to 20. The next lesson is updating your software. Now lesson is updating your software. Now lesson is updating your software. Now most conspiracy theories turn out to be most conspiracy theories turn out to be most conspiracy theories turn out to be true. But one that is not true is that true. But one that is not true is that true. But one that is not true is that companies are scheming to slow your companies are scheming to slow your companies are scheming to slow your software down and that you shouldn't software down and that you shouldn't software down and that you shouldn't upgrade. This is very dumb because most upgrade. This is very dumb because most upgrade. This is very dumb because most software upgrades also include some software upgrades also include some software upgrades also include some security fixes. So when there is an security fixes. So when there is an security fixes. So when there is an actual breach or some hack, software actual breach or some hack, software actual breach or some hack, software companies work day and night to fix it companies work day and night to fix it companies work day and night to fix it as soon as possible. And by having the as soon as possible. And by having the as soon as possible. And by having the latest update, you protect yourself latest update, you protect yourself latest update, you protect yourself against most of the known exploits. But against most of the known exploits. But against most of the known exploits. But if all of your software is running old if all of your software is running old if all of your software is running old versions, you are exposing yourself to versions, you are exposing yourself to versions, you are exposing yourself to unnecessary risk. And the solution can unnecessary risk. And the solution can unnecessary risk. And the solution can be as simple as enabling auto update on be as simple as enabling auto update on be as simple as enabling auto update on most of your sensitive apps. The next most of your sensitive apps. The next most of your sensitive apps. The next essential cyber security tip you need to essential cyber security tip you need to essential cyber security tip you need to know is email breach alerts. Now, what know is email breach alerts. Now, what know is email breach alerts. Now, what even are email breach alerts? They're even are email breach alerts? They're even are email breach alerts? They're automatic warnings when something automatic warnings when something automatic warnings when something sketchy happens with your email. Now, sketchy happens with your email. Now, sketchy happens with your email. Now, basically, every month there is a basically, every month there is a basically, every month there is a massive email breach of millions of massive email breach of millions of massive email breach of millions of accounts and you won't be notified when accounts and you won't be notified when accounts and you won't be notified when your email is included in these your email is included in these your email is included in these breaches. Now, of course, there are many breaches. Now, of course, there are many breaches. Now, of course, there are many issues if someone gains access to your issues if someone gains access to your issues if someone gains access to your email as a result of your email being email as a result of your email being email as a result of your email being included in a breach, right? They can included in a breach, right? They can included in a breach, right? They can access your banking information. They access your banking information. They access your banking information. They can change your passwords. They can can change your passwords. They can can change your passwords. They can email people on your behalf. It is a email people on your behalf. It is a email people on your behalf. It is a mess. And this can be much harder to mess. And this can be much harder to mess. And this can be much harder to detect because what if the attackers set detect because what if the attackers set detect because what if the attackers set up auto forwarding rules that you don't up auto forwarding rules that you don't up auto forwarding rules that you don't notice on your email? It might take you notice on your email? It might take you notice on your email? It might take you weeks or months before you notice. Now, weeks or months before you notice. Now, weeks or months before you notice. Now, luckily, there's a way to prevent it and luckily, there's a way to prevent it and luckily, there's a way to prevent it and that's by building an AI agent that that's by building an AI agent that that's by building an AI agent that monitors your main emails to see if they monitors your main emails to see if they monitors your main emails to see if they have been included in one of the recent have been included in one of the recent have been included in one of the recent breaches. And to do that, we're going to breaches. And to do that, we're going to breaches. And to do that, we're going to use the famous website, have I been use the famous website, have I been use the famous website, have I been pawned? This is a popular breach pawned? This is a popular breach pawned? This is a popular breach notification service that will notify notification service that will notify notification service that will notify you if your email has been compromised. you if your email has been compromised. you if your email has been compromised. Now, if you think, David, you know, I Now, if you think, David, you know, I Now, if you think, David, you know, I keep my email safe. I I have multiple keep my email safe. I I have multiple keep my email safe. I I have multiple passwords. My password is strong, right? passwords. My password is strong, right? passwords. My password is strong, right? There's 15 billion accounts that have There's 15 billion accounts that have There's 15 billion accounts that have been compromised. So, check your emails. been compromised. So, check your emails. been compromised. So, check your emails. You'll be surprised. Now, what happens You'll be surprised. Now, what happens You'll be surprised. Now, what happens when you underestimate this threat is when you underestimate this threat is when you underestimate this threat is that you can lose a lot of money. And that you can lose a lot of money. And that you can lose a lot of money. And this happens even to big companies. this happens even to big companies. this happens even to big companies. There was a Canadian university that There was a Canadian university that There was a Canadian university that lost $10 million. The part supplier to lost $10 million. The part supplier to lost $10 million. The part supplier to Toyota lost 37 million through a simple Toyota lost 37 million through a simple Toyota lost 37 million through a simple email scam. Now, luckily, you can email scam. Now, luckily, you can email scam. Now, luckily, you can prevent this with this simple AI agent. prevent this with this simple AI agent. prevent this with this simple AI agent. So, as you can see, there's a lot less So, as you can see, there's a lot less So, as you can see, there's a lot less modules or nodes here than the first modules or nodes here than the first modules or nodes here than the first one, but it's even more powerful. So, we one, but it's even more powerful. So, we one, but it's even more powerful. So, we have a schedule trigger. This runs every have a schedule trigger. This runs every have a schedule trigger. This runs every single day at 9:00 a.m. You can change single day at 9:00 a.m. You can change single day at 9:00 a.m. You can change this to run once a week if you want, but this to run once a week if you want, but this to run once a week if you want, but I think daily is good. And then it gets I think daily is good. And then it gets I think daily is good. And then it gets a list of your emails for Google Sheets, a list of your emails for Google Sheets, a list of your emails for Google Sheets, right? So again I recommend you having right? So again I recommend you having right? So again I recommend you having multiple emails minimum two minimum one multiple emails minimum two minimum one multiple emails minimum two minimum one for secure stuff and one public facing for secure stuff and one public facing for secure stuff and one public facing email but ideally you have a lot more email but ideally you have a lot more email but ideally you have a lot more than two emails and you can keep them than two emails and you can keep them than two emails and you can keep them securely in a single Google sheet which securely in a single Google sheet which securely in a single Google sheet which then we check each of them through have then we check each of them through have then we check each of them through have I been pawned. So again HTTP request to I been pawned. So again HTTP request to I been pawned. So again HTTP request to the API of this website with your emails the API of this website with your emails the API of this website with your emails being appended in a variable at the end being appended in a variable at the end being appended in a variable at the end of the URL. This means that we are of the URL. This means that we are of the URL. This means that we are regularly running all of your emails regularly running all of your emails regularly running all of your emails through have I been pawned. Something through have I been pawned. Something through have I been pawned. Something that most people never do or they do it that most people never do or they do it that most people never do or they do it like once a year. If you set this up, it like once a year. If you set this up, it like once a year. If you set this up, it checks it daily. So this is what I mean checks it daily. So this is what I mean checks it daily. So this is what I mean that it's going to take your cyber that it's going to take your cyber that it's going to take your cyber security to the next level. And again, security to the next level. And again, security to the next level. And again, the report goes to an AI agent which can the report goes to an AI agent which can the report goes to an AI agent which can decide whether something has been decide whether something has been decide whether something has been compromised in which case it will decide compromised in which case it will decide compromised in which case it will decide to notify you and if not all is good. to notify you and if not all is good. to notify you and if not all is good. You can sleep well. But as you can see You can sleep well. But as you can see You can sleep well. But as you can see it doesn't take a lot. This is like what it doesn't take a lot. This is like what it doesn't take a lot. This is like what six nodes total and it's a very powerful six nodes total and it's a very powerful six nodes total and it's a very powerful NA10 automation that you have to build NA10 automation that you have to build NA10 automation that you have to build once and it works forever. This is the once and it works forever. This is the once and it works forever. This is the beauty of AI agents. The next lesson is beauty of AI agents. The next lesson is beauty of AI agents. The next lesson is kind of obvious but password sharing is kind of obvious but password sharing is kind of obvious but password sharing is bad almost in all cases. Now it's one bad almost in all cases. Now it's one bad almost in all cases. Now it's one thing sharing your Netflix with your thing sharing your Netflix with your thing sharing your Netflix with your friends. It's another thing giving your friends. It's another thing giving your friends. It's another thing giving your phone code to your wife to your phone code to your wife to your phone code to your wife to your girlfriend. Those are much worse girlfriend. Those are much worse girlfriend. Those are much worse practices, right? And it's not because practices, right? And it's not because practices, right? And it's not because your girlfriend works for MSAD. It's your girlfriend works for MSAD. It's your girlfriend works for MSAD. It's because the more people have access to because the more people have access to because the more people have access to your accounts, the higher the attack your accounts, the higher the attack your accounts, the higher the attack vector, right? All it takes is one vector, right? All it takes is one vector, right? All it takes is one person to click a fishing link. And if person to click a fishing link. And if person to click a fishing link. And if there's five people who can access your there's five people who can access your there's five people who can access your email, it doesn't make your email five email, it doesn't make your email five email, it doesn't make your email five times less secure. It's more like 25 times less secure. It's more like 25 times less secure. It's more like 25 times less secure. So even though it's times less secure. So even though it's times less secure. So even though it's obvious, it doesn't hurt to remind obvious, it doesn't hurt to remind obvious, it doesn't hurt to remind ourselves that the less password sharing ourselves that the less password sharing ourselves that the less password sharing you do, the less likely it is that your you do, the less likely it is that your you do, the less likely it is that your password gets leaked. The next lesson is password gets leaked. The next lesson is password gets leaked. The next lesson is uninstalling apps. That's right. Even a uninstalling apps. That's right. Even a uninstalling apps. That's right. Even a simple thing like this can reduce your simple thing like this can reduce your simple thing like this can reduce your exposure to these exploits and breaches. exposure to these exploits and breaches. exposure to these exploits and breaches. I mean, if there's an app on your phone I mean, if there's an app on your phone I mean, if there's an app on your phone or your computer that you haven't used or your computer that you haven't used or your computer that you haven't used for three plus months, just uninstall for three plus months, just uninstall for three plus months, just uninstall it. Okay? There's no reason to have so it. Okay? There's no reason to have so it. Okay? There's no reason to have so many apps. You also save storage, but many apps. You also save storage, but many apps. You also save storage, but most importantly, you reduce the attack most importantly, you reduce the attack most importantly, you reduce the attack surface of something being compromised, surface of something being compromised, surface of something being compromised, right? If you have 100 pieces of right? If you have 100 pieces of right? If you have 100 pieces of software on your machine, it's much more software on your machine, it's much more software on your machine, it's much more likely that one of them has some exploit likely that one of them has some exploit likely that one of them has some exploit than if you only have the 20 apps that than if you only have the 20 apps that than if you only have the 20 apps that you actually use. So, just try to keep you actually use. So, just try to keep you actually use. So, just try to keep your devices as clean as possible and your devices as clean as possible and your devices as clean as possible and get into habit of uninstalling an app get into habit of uninstalling an app get into habit of uninstalling an app for each new app that you install. Real for each new app that you install. Real for each new app that you install. Real quick, if you're finding this video quick, if you're finding this video quick, if you're finding this video valuable, please make sure to subscribe. valuable, please make sure to subscribe. valuable, please make sure to subscribe. It takes 2 seconds, it's completely It takes 2 seconds, it's completely It takes 2 seconds, it's completely free, and it tells me that you want to free, and it tells me that you want to free, and it tells me that you want to see more videos like this one. Thank see more videos like this one. Thank see more videos like this one. Thank you. Now, the next lesson is a bit more you. Now, the next lesson is a bit more you. Now, the next lesson is a bit more advanced, and that is auditing your advanced, and that is auditing your advanced, and that is auditing your websites, especially if you're a VIP websites, especially if you're a VIP websites, especially if you're a VIP coder. Okay? So, if you used AI to build coder. Okay? So, if you used AI to build coder. Okay? So, if you used AI to build any software in the last two years, pay any software in the last two years, pay any software in the last two years, pay attention. Now again, I build an AI attention. Now again, I build an AI attention. Now again, I build an AI agent that will do this for us, but it agent that will do this for us, but it agent that will do this for us, but it is very likely that your website is is very likely that your website is is very likely that your website is either not secure, it's leaking more either not secure, it's leaking more either not secure, it's leaking more information, it has some authentication information, it has some authentication information, it has some authentication oversight or some other security issue. oversight or some other security issue. oversight or some other security issue. You don't want hackers or bad actors to You don't want hackers or bad actors to You don't want hackers or bad actors to find that out. You want yourself to find find that out. You want yourself to find find that out. You want yourself to find it out and to fix it. So I call this AI it out and to fix it. So I call this AI it out and to fix it. So I call this AI agent the website security auditor. And agent the website security auditor. And agent the website security auditor. And basically what it does is that it basically what it does is that it basically what it does is that it regularly tries to pentest. Pentesting regularly tries to pentest. Pentesting regularly tries to pentest. Pentesting means penetration testing, which means means penetration testing, which means means penetration testing, which means checking your website for any checking your website for any checking your website for any vulnerabilities. And this is especially vulnerabilities. And this is especially vulnerabilities. And this is especially important if you are building a startup, important if you are building a startup, important if you are building a startup, right? Because not only can they hack right? Because not only can they hack right? Because not only can they hack your own accounts, they can get customer your own accounts, they can get customer your own accounts, they can get customer data as well. And that really is the data as well. And that really is the data as well. And that really is the worst case scenario. You know, just last worst case scenario. You know, just last worst case scenario. You know, just last month there was the T app which got a month there was the T app which got a month there was the T app which got a massive breach because it was sloppy and massive breach because it was sloppy and massive breach because it was sloppy and it left an exposed Firebase bucket that it left an exposed Firebase bucket that it left an exposed Firebase bucket that was publicly accessible to anyone with was publicly accessible to anyone with was publicly accessible to anyone with that URL. Now, if that person had this that URL. Now, if that person had this that URL. Now, if that person had this AI agent that I'm about to show you, AI agent that I'm about to show you, AI agent that I'm about to show you, they probably wouldn't have ruined their they probably wouldn't have ruined their they probably wouldn't have ruined their whole startup. So here is what the agent whole startup. So here is what the agent whole startup. So here is what the agent looks like. The trigger is a landing looks like. The trigger is a landing looks like. The trigger is a landing page URL, right? So obviously you're page URL, right? So obviously you're page URL, right? So obviously you're going to put your own website or if going to put your own website or if going to put your own website or if you're doing this for a client, maybe you're doing this for a client, maybe you're doing this for a client, maybe you can put his website. So then we take you can put his website. So then we take you can put his website. So then we take the URL and we scrape the contents of the URL and we scrape the contents of the URL and we scrape the contents of the website which we route into two the website which we route into two the website which we route into two different paths with two different AI different paths with two different AI different paths with two different AI agents on each path. So on the top one agents on each path. So on the top one agents on each path. So on the top one we have a code node which extracts the we have a code node which extracts the we have a code node which extracts the headers and sends those into our headers and sends those into our headers and sends those into our security AI agent. And this one just security AI agent. And this one just security AI agent. And this one just does a very basic analysis of any does a very basic analysis of any does a very basic analysis of any leaking metadata or issues with your leaking metadata or issues with your leaking metadata or issues with your headers specifically. Now the agent at headers specifically. Now the agent at headers specifically. Now the agent at the bottom is running a more powerful the bottom is running a more powerful the bottom is running a more powerful model like GBD5. You can also change it model like GBD5. You can also change it model like GBD5. You can also change it for you know sonet 4.5 to have one open for you know sonet 4.5 to have one open for you know sonet 4.5 to have one open AI and one entropic to have even more AI and one entropic to have even more AI and one entropic to have even more exposure. But basically these two agents exposure. But basically these two agents exposure. But basically these two agents look at your website at the structure of look at your website at the structure of look at your website at the structure of your landing page and your login page your landing page and your login page your landing page and your login page and look for potential ways that a and look for potential ways that a and look for potential ways that a hacker might attack your website. Now to hacker might attack your website. Now to hacker might attack your website. Now to be perfectly clear, if someone is a be perfectly clear, if someone is a be perfectly clear, if someone is a professional hacker and wants to hack professional hacker and wants to hack professional hacker and wants to hack you, you probably stand no chance, you, you probably stand no chance, you, you probably stand no chance, right? Because those are genius right? Because those are genius right? Because those are genius programmers. So the best thing is do not programmers. So the best thing is do not programmers. So the best thing is do not piss off any hackers. But this is just piss off any hackers. But this is just piss off any hackers. But this is just another protection that if you build a another protection that if you build a another protection that if you build a VIP coded site, having this N10 VIP coded site, having this N10 VIP coded site, having this N10 automation run through it is going to automation run through it is going to automation run through it is going to decrease the likelihood of you having decrease the likelihood of you having decrease the likelihood of you having any obvious exploits on your landing any obvious exploits on your landing any obvious exploits on your landing page. All right, so let's continue. We page. All right, so let's continue. We page. All right, so let's continue. We have the merge node. Again, we merge the have the merge node. Again, we merge the have the merge node. Again, we merge the outputs of these two agents into a outputs of these two agents into a outputs of these two agents into a single result. We then aggregate the single result. We then aggregate the single result. We then aggregate the results. We run them through two results. We run them through two results. We run them through two different code nodes. This one is different code nodes. This one is different code nodes. This one is processing and parsing and the second processing and parsing and the second processing and parsing and the second one converts it to HTML. That way we can one converts it to HTML. That way we can one converts it to HTML. That way we can then send it through an email. Again, then send it through an email. Again, then send it through an email. Again, feel free to use something else. Slack, feel free to use something else. Slack, feel free to use something else. Slack, Discord, Telegram, whatever you want to Discord, Telegram, whatever you want to Discord, Telegram, whatever you want to be notified on, right? It doesn't have be notified on, right? It doesn't have be notified on, right? It doesn't have to be Gmail. The reason I added Gmail is to be Gmail. The reason I added Gmail is to be Gmail. The reason I added Gmail is because everybody has a Gmail, let's be because everybody has a Gmail, let's be because everybody has a Gmail, let's be honest. So yeah, this AI agent pretty honest. So yeah, this AI agent pretty honest. So yeah, this AI agent pretty simple even though it might look simple even though it might look simple even though it might look intimidating, but if you've built a AI intimidating, but if you've built a AI intimidating, but if you've built a AI coded website over the last 2 years, coded website over the last 2 years, coded website over the last 2 years, please run it through an NAN automation please run it through an NAN automation please run it through an NAN automation like this one so you don't have any like this one so you don't have any like this one so you don't have any sloppy security issues. Next up, if you sloppy security issues. Next up, if you sloppy security issues. Next up, if you don't already use a VPN, you probably don't already use a VPN, you probably don't already use a VPN, you probably should, right? First of all, if you live should, right? First of all, if you live should, right? First of all, if you live in the UK, the government just wants to in the UK, the government just wants to in the UK, the government just wants to track you completely, so you need a VPN track you completely, so you need a VPN track you completely, so you need a VPN just for that. Second of all, if you're just for that. Second of all, if you're just for that. Second of all, if you're using, you know, like airport Wi-Fi or using, you know, like airport Wi-Fi or using, you know, like airport Wi-Fi or McDonald's Wi-Fi, having another layer McDonald's Wi-Fi, having another layer McDonald's Wi-Fi, having another layer of security never hurts. So, what a VPN of security never hurts. So, what a VPN of security never hurts. So, what a VPN does is that it hides your IP address does is that it hides your IP address does is that it hides your IP address from the sites and the apps that you from the sites and the apps that you from the sites and the apps that you use, which makes it harder for attackers use, which makes it harder for attackers use, which makes it harder for attackers or governments to track where you are, or governments to track where you are, or governments to track where you are, where you're coming from, stuff like where you're coming from, stuff like where you're coming from, stuff like that. Now, a pro tip when it comes to that. Now, a pro tip when it comes to that. Now, a pro tip when it comes to VPNs, just please check who owns the VPNs, just please check who owns the VPNs, just please check who owns the company of your VPN because let's just company of your VPN because let's just company of your VPN because let's just say a lot of these VPN companies are say a lot of these VPN companies are say a lot of these VPN companies are owned by people like the Versell CEO and owned by people like the Versell CEO and owned by people like the Versell CEO and his friends. If you know, you know. his friends. If you know, you know. his friends. If you know, you know. Anyways, the last bonus tip is something Anyways, the last bonus tip is something Anyways, the last bonus tip is something that even Zach himself, which is a, you that even Zach himself, which is a, you that even Zach himself, which is a, you know, professional programmer and a know, professional programmer and a know, professional programmer and a multi-billionaire uses, and that is multi-billionaire uses, and that is multi-billionaire uses, and that is taping your ports. Right? So if you work taping your ports. Right? So if you work taping your ports. Right? So if you work in an office especially, a lot of in an office especially, a lot of in an office especially, a lot of monitors, a lot of displays have like monitors, a lot of displays have like monitors, a lot of displays have like USB ports behind them. You can go to the USB ports behind them. You can go to the USB ports behind them. You can go to the next level and do that even for a next level and do that even for a next level and do that even for a laptop, right? And the reason why you laptop, right? And the reason why you laptop, right? And the reason why you should do this is that you never know if should do this is that you never know if should do this is that you never know if someone inserts like a USB stick into someone inserts like a USB stick into someone inserts like a USB stick into like a hidden port in your PC in the like a hidden port in your PC in the like a hidden port in your PC in the back. It can take you months if not back. It can take you months if not back. It can take you months if not years to notice. Another thing is having years to notice. Another thing is having years to notice. Another thing is having this camera cover, right? This is this camera cover, right? This is this camera cover, right? This is something you can buy on Amazon for like something you can buy on Amazon for like something you can buy on Amazon for like $2 or $3, and it's a great thing to have $2 or $3, and it's a great thing to have $2 or $3, and it's a great thing to have for extra peace of mind. It allows you for extra peace of mind. It allows you for extra peace of mind. It allows you to still have your camera on your to still have your camera on your to still have your camera on your laptop. So, it's much better than just laptop. So, it's much better than just laptop. So, it's much better than just taping it. But if you aren't on a video taping it. But if you aren't on a video taping it. But if you aren't on a video call, just slide it over and it's call, just slide it over and it's call, just slide it over and it's covered. And obviously, physical covered. And obviously, physical covered. And obviously, physical protection is better than just hoping protection is better than just hoping protection is better than just hoping the software is good. So, those were 10 the software is good. So, those were 10 the software is good. So, those were 10 cyber security fundamentals. Again, cyber security fundamentals. Again, cyber security fundamentals. Again, thank you Hostinger for sponsoring this thank you Hostinger for sponsoring this thank you Hostinger for sponsoring this video. If you use NA10, which you video. If you use NA10, which you video. If you use NA10, which you absolutely should, make sure to switch absolutely should, make sure to switch absolutely should, make sure to switch over to Hostinger. It's the most over to Hostinger. It's the most over to Hostinger. It's the most affordable solution. It's super easy to affordable solution. It's super easy to affordable solution. It's super easy to set up and with a single VPS, especially set up and with a single VPS, especially set up and with a single VPS, especially if you go with the KVM2 plan, you can if you go with the KVM2 plan, you can if you go with the KVM2 plan, you can run like thousands of AI agents without run like thousands of AI agents without run like thousands of AI agents without hitting any limits. There's no limits on hitting any limits. There's no limits on hitting any limits. There's no limits on workflows, no limits on executions. You workflows, no limits on executions. You workflows, no limits on executions. You have your own VPS. You can see all the have your own VPS. You can see all the have your own VPS. You can see all the stats. This is why I use Hostinger for stats. This is why I use Hostinger for stats. This is why I use Hostinger for all of my AI agents, and this is why you all of my AI agents, and this is why you all of my AI agents, and this is why you should use Hostinger as well. So again, should use Hostinger as well. So again, should use Hostinger as well. So again, use my link below the video and use the use my link below the video and use the use my link below the video and use the code David for another 10% off. With code David for another 10% off. With code David for another 10% off. With that being said, thank you guys for that being said, thank you guys for that being said, thank you guys for watching and have a nice rest of your watching and have a nice rest of your watching and have a nice rest of your day. See you.
