Title: This AI Completely Prevents Hallucinations
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

In today's video, we'll be looking at In today's video, we'll be looking at In today's video, we'll be looking at Google's Notebook Alm that turns any Google's Notebook Alm that turns any Google's Notebook Alm that turns any document, YouTube video, or resource you document, YouTube video, or resource you document, YouTube video, or resource you give it into your personal research give it into your personal research give it into your personal research assistant. And from what I have seen, I assistant. And from what I have seen, I assistant. And from what I have seen, I would consider this the most criminally would consider this the most criminally would consider this the most criminally underrated tool in the entire AI space. underrated tool in the entire AI space. underrated tool in the entire AI space. And yes, it can even make podcasts. So, And yes, it can even make podcasts. So, And yes, it can even make podcasts. So, here's the deal. With Notebook LM, you here's the deal. With Notebook LM, you here's the deal. With Notebook LM, you get free massive advantages. First, you get free massive advantages. First, you get free massive advantages. First, you can start using it completely for free can start using it completely for free can start using it completely for free just with a Google account. Second, it just with a Google account. Second, it just with a Google account. Second, it only answers from your documents or only answers from your documents or only answers from your documents or links. No more AI hallucinations. And links. No more AI hallucinations. And links. No more AI hallucinations. And third, you can chat with up to 50 third, you can chat with up to 50 third, you can chat with up to 50 documents at once. And that's the free documents at once. And that's the free documents at once. And that's the free plan. If I'm on the pro plan, it's 300. plan. If I'm on the pro plan, it's 300. plan. If I'm on the pro plan, it's 300. Just for reference, 50 documents are 25 Just for reference, 50 documents are 25 Just for reference, 50 documents are 25 million words that you can put into this million words that you can put into this million words that you can put into this thing. Now, it won't look at the data on thing. Now, it won't look at the data on thing. Now, it won't look at the data on all of the internet for you like a all of the internet for you like a all of the internet for you like a Google search or maybe a chat GPD search Google search or maybe a chat GPD search Google search or maybe a chat GPD search would do. But for research, this thing would do. But for research, this thing would do. But for research, this thing is unbeatable. And using it is super is unbeatable. And using it is super is unbeatable. And using it is super simple. All you need is a Google account simple. All you need is a Google account simple. All you need is a Google account to log in, some PDFs, YouTube videos or to log in, some PDFs, YouTube videos or to log in, some PDFs, YouTube videos or websites to analyze, and a basic websites to analyze, and a basic websites to analyze, and a basic understanding of a chat interface like understanding of a chat interface like understanding of a chat interface like you would find in chat GPT. Once you're you would find in chat GPT. Once you're you would find in chat GPT. Once you're logged in on the notebookm.google.com, logged in on the notebookm.google.com, logged in on the notebookm.google.com, you just click create new notebook. And you just click create new notebook. And you just click create new notebook. And here comes the magic part. It asks you here comes the magic part. It asks you here comes the magic part. It asks you to add different sources. So, what I'll to add different sources. So, what I'll to add different sources. So, what I'll do for this tutorial, I'll just upload do for this tutorial, I'll just upload do for this tutorial, I'll just upload this research paper that I happen to this research paper that I happen to this research paper that I happen to really enjoy. It's about the potential really enjoy. It's about the potential really enjoy. It's about the potential of AI replacing a therapist. Not to of AI replacing a therapist. Not to of AI replacing a therapist. Not to spoil it, but it's definitely not there spoil it, but it's definitely not there spoil it, but it's definitely not there yet, but that's a research topic we'll yet, but that's a research topic we'll yet, but that's a research topic we'll be building our notebook around here be building our notebook around here be building our notebook around here today. I'll rename the notebook to AI today. I'll rename the notebook to AI today. I'll rename the notebook to AI therapy project. And notebook therapy project. And notebook therapy project. And notebook immediately creates a summary of immediately creates a summary of immediately creates a summary of everything that you add to the sources everything that you add to the sources everything that you add to the sources here on the left side. And then if I ask here on the left side. And then if I ask here on the left side. And then if I ask questions down here, you will notice questions down here, you will notice questions down here, you will notice that it answers them based on just the that it answers them based on just the that it answers them based on just the documents that I added to it with little documents that I added to it with little documents that I added to it with little references next to them showing you references next to them showing you references next to them showing you exactly where it found this information. exactly where it found this information. exactly where it found this information. You can use this just like chat GPT You can use this just like chat GPT You can use this just like chat GPT asking follow-up questions to get to asking follow-up questions to get to asking follow-up questions to get to what you're looking for. Now, if there's what you're looking for. Now, if there's what you're looking for. Now, if there's YouTube videos like this one that I YouTube videos like this one that I YouTube videos like this one that I particularly enjoyed, I'll just go here, particularly enjoyed, I'll just go here, particularly enjoyed, I'll just go here, say add, link to a YouTube video, say add, link to a YouTube video, say add, link to a YouTube video, insert, and now my notebook will update insert, and now my notebook will update insert, and now my notebook will update with these sources. And here's the first with these sources. And here's the first with these sources. And here's the first pro tip. If you only want to chat with pro tip. If you only want to chat with pro tip. If you only want to chat with one source, let's say I only want to one source, let's say I only want to one source, let's say I only want to talk to this YouTube video. Make sure talk to this YouTube video. Make sure talk to this YouTube video. Make sure that just this check mark is set. I'll that just this check mark is set. I'll that just this check mark is set. I'll restart my chat up here and ask a brand restart my chat up here and ask a brand restart my chat up here and ask a brand new question. And now the answer will new question. And now the answer will new question. And now the answer will only be based upon this source. Now, if only be based upon this source. Now, if only be based upon this source. Now, if I really like this answer and I want to I really like this answer and I want to I really like this answer and I want to save this for future reference, you save this for future reference, you save this for future reference, you click save to note. And that's sort of click save to note. And that's sort of click save to note. And that's sort of like noting something down in your very like noting something down in your very like noting something down in your very own notebook. But here's the killer own notebook. But here's the killer own notebook. But here's the killer feature that you might have seen feature that you might have seen feature that you might have seen already. People use this all over social already. People use this all over social already. People use this all over social media. When you have your sources loaded media. When you have your sources loaded media. When you have your sources loaded in here, you can just click this button, in here, you can just click this button, in here, you can just click this button, audio overview, and it will create a audio overview, and it will create a audio overview, and it will create a podcast that summarizes all of these podcast that summarizes all of these podcast that summarizes all of these sources for you. So you don't have to sources for you. So you don't have to sources for you. So you don't have to read about all the documents that you read about all the documents that you read about all the documents that you add to the sources. You can listen to add to the sources. You can listen to add to the sources. You can listen to them, which I don't know about you, but them, which I don't know about you, but them, which I don't know about you, but me as an avid YouTube and audiobook me as an avid YouTube and audiobook me as an avid YouTube and audiobook enjoyer, I do personally prefer this to enjoyer, I do personally prefer this to enjoyer, I do personally prefer this to reading articles and such. And here's a reading articles and such. And here's a reading articles and such. And here's a secret many people overlook. If you go secret many people overlook. If you go secret many people overlook. If you go to the free dots, you can customize it to the free dots, you can customize it to the free dots, you can customize it and you can specify the tone, the and you can specify the tone, the and you can specify the tone, the length, and most importantly, the focus length, and most importantly, the focus length, and most importantly, the focus of this podcast. of this podcast. of this podcast. &gt;&gt; Can AI, you know, artificial &gt;&gt; Can AI, you know, artificial &gt;&gt; Can AI, you know, artificial intelligence actually replace humans? intelligence actually replace humans? intelligence actually replace humans? especially when it comes to something as especially when it comes to something as especially when it comes to something as deeply personal, as nuanced as therapy deeply personal, as nuanced as therapy deeply personal, as nuanced as therapy and emotional support. and emotional support. and emotional support. &gt;&gt; That's such a critical question right &gt;&gt; That's such a critical question right &gt;&gt; That's such a critical question right now. And we've got some well fascinating now. And we've got some well fascinating now. And we've got some well fascinating material to explore. material to explore. material to explore. &gt;&gt; It sounds incredibly good and it's &gt;&gt; It sounds incredibly good and it's &gt;&gt; It sounds incredibly good and it's accurate to the source materials. And if accurate to the source materials. And if accurate to the source materials. And if you want, you can even go into this you want, you can even go into this you want, you can even go into this interactive mode where you yourself can interactive mode where you yourself can interactive mode where you yourself can start interacting with the hosts. Hey, start interacting with the hosts. Hey, start interacting with the hosts. Hey, what's up? what's up? what's up? &gt;&gt; Hey there, listeners. So glad you're &gt;&gt; Hey there, listeners. So glad you're &gt;&gt; Hey there, listeners. So glad you're joining us. We're just kicking off this joining us. We're just kicking off this joining us. We're just kicking off this week's deep dive. week's deep dive. week's deep dive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, glad you're here. We're diving &gt;&gt; Yeah, glad you're here. We're diving &gt;&gt; Yeah, glad you're here. We're diving into something super relevant today. into something super relevant today. into something super relevant today. &gt;&gt; Two more killer features to be aware of &gt;&gt; Two more killer features to be aware of &gt;&gt; Two more killer features to be aware of here. On the one hand, you can do the here. On the one hand, you can do the here. On the one hand, you can do the same things for video overviews where it same things for video overviews where it same things for video overviews where it sort of creates a PowerPoint sort of creates a PowerPoint sort of creates a PowerPoint presentation with a voice over guiding presentation with a voice over guiding presentation with a voice over guiding you through the whole thing in video you through the whole thing in video you through the whole thing in video form. And two, you can turn the content form. And two, you can turn the content form. And two, you can turn the content into an interactive mind map or one of into an interactive mind map or one of into an interactive mind map or one of these formats over here. So, at the very these formats over here. So, at the very these formats over here. So, at the very core, what matters here for somebody new core, what matters here for somebody new core, what matters here for somebody new to this application? Well, the free to this application? Well, the free to this application? Well, the free account lets you add 50 sources here on account lets you add 50 sources here on account lets you add 50 sources here on the left and you can generate three to the left and you can generate three to the left and you can generate three to five audio reviews a day. And remember, five audio reviews a day. And remember, five audio reviews a day. And remember, it will not browse the web, access it will not browse the web, access it will not browse the web, access content behind payw walls, or look into content behind payw walls, or look into content behind payw walls, or look into its own knowledge base. It's just an AI its own knowledge base. It's just an AI its own knowledge base. It's just an AI that sticks to the sources you give it, that sticks to the sources you give it, that sticks to the sources you give it, citing everything precisely. You can use citing everything precisely. You can use citing everything precisely. You can use it for any research purpose, book it for any research purpose, book it for any research purpose, book summaries, meeting notes, trip planning, summaries, meeting notes, trip planning, summaries, meeting notes, trip planning, studying, or when you're learning about studying, or when you're learning about studying, or when you're learning about new topics. But it doesn't stop there. new topics. But it doesn't stop there. new topics. But it doesn't stop there. Let me tell you, I've even consulted Let me tell you, I've even consulted Let me tell you, I've even consulted some lawyers that use this to get an some lawyers that use this to get an some lawyers that use this to get an unfair advantage in the courtroom. They unfair advantage in the courtroom. They unfair advantage in the courtroom. They throw off the sources relating to the throw off the sources relating to the throw off the sources relating to the case into here, generate a bunch of case into here, generate a bunch of case into here, generate a bunch of podcasts, and get a level of information podcasts, and get a level of information podcasts, and get a level of information that no human without a tool like this that no human without a tool like this that no human without a tool like this could ever consume. And there you go. We could ever consume. And there you go. We could ever consume. And there you go. We just turned multiple dense documents just turned multiple dense documents just turned multiple dense documents into an interactive AI assistant and a into an interactive AI assistant and a into an interactive AI assistant and a podcast summary in just a few minutes. podcast summary in just a few minutes. podcast summary in just a few minutes. If you want something to try right now, If you want something to try right now, If you want something to try right now, upload your latest free documents into upload your latest free documents into upload your latest free documents into here and ask Notebook LM about the here and ask Notebook LM about the here and ask Notebook LM about the patterns that you might have missed. And patterns that you might have missed. And patterns that you might have missed. And if you enjoyed this video and want to if you enjoyed this video and want to if you enjoyed this video and want to see more quick tutorials like this, see more quick tutorials like this, see more quick tutorials like this, check out this playlist over here. And check out this playlist over here. And check out this playlist over here. And with that being said, my name is Igor with that being said, my name is Igor with that being said, my name is Igor and I hope you have a wonderful day.
