Title: Vibe Planning： The Smarter Way to Code with AI Agents
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Let's talk about a simple approach on Let's talk about a simple approach on Let's talk about a simple approach on how to think about building software how to think about building software how to think about building software with coding agents. If you're just with coding agents. If you're just with coding agents. If you're just starting, here's what usually happens. starting, here's what usually happens. starting, here's what usually happens. You have an idea for an application or You have an idea for an application or You have an idea for an application or software. You use a coding agent to software. You use a coding agent to software. You use a coding agent to build it. It will probably create build it. It will probably create build it. It will probably create hundreds of files, usually all at once hundreds of files, usually all at once hundreds of files, usually all at once based on a very complex architecture. based on a very complex architecture. based on a very complex architecture. And the result, most of the time it And the result, most of the time it And the result, most of the time it fails. Then you learn about something fails. Then you learn about something fails. Then you learn about something called specsdriven development. Now in called specsdriven development. Now in called specsdriven development. Now in this case you provide your idea to the this case you provide your idea to the this case you provide your idea to the same coding agent but the coding agent same coding agent but the coding agent same coding agent but the coding agent is going to plan everything build up is going to plan everything build up is going to plan everything build up features come up with specifications and features come up with specifications and features come up with specifications and then it does its own research create then it does its own research create then it does its own research create tasks for itself implements those tests tasks for itself implements those tests tasks for itself implements those tests those and normally this approach works those and normally this approach works those and normally this approach works relatively better. However in the relatively better. However in the relatively better. However in the process as a new software developer or w process as a new software developer or w process as a new software developer or w coder you don't really learn much. So coder you don't really learn much. So coder you don't really learn much. So here is what I recommend here is what I recommend here is what I recommend for new software developers or VIP for new software developers or VIP for new software developers or VIP coders. This is what I'm calling VE coders. This is what I'm calling VE coders. This is what I'm calling VE planning. And in here you should think planning. And in here you should think planning. And in here you should think of the LLM or coding agent as a of the LLM or coding agent as a of the LLM or coding agent as a collaborator or partner rather than a collaborator or partner rather than a collaborator or partner rather than a software engineer that you just offload software engineer that you just offload software engineer that you just offload tasks to. First you brainstorm your idea tasks to. First you brainstorm your idea tasks to. First you brainstorm your idea with a coding agent. This coding agent with a coding agent. This coding agent with a coding agent. This coding agent is going to be different than the one is going to be different than the one is going to be different than the one that you going to use for final that you going to use for final that you going to use for final implementation. But the most important implementation. But the most important implementation. But the most important thing is that ask for feedback. Ask the thing is that ask for feedback. Ask the thing is that ask for feedback. Ask the model to ask you clarifying questions. model to ask you clarifying questions. model to ask you clarifying questions. That is extremely helpful especially for That is extremely helpful especially for That is extremely helpful especially for your own learning. Use divide and your own learning. Use divide and your own learning. Use divide and conquer. So rather than planning the conquer. So rather than planning the conquer. So rather than planning the whole application, divide it into atomic whole application, divide it into atomic whole application, divide it into atomic parts and plan those atomic parts. So parts and plan those atomic parts. So parts and plan those atomic parts. So let's say if you have backend let's say if you have backend let's say if you have backend integration with front end there are integration with front end there are integration with front end there are certain APIs you want to divide in them certain APIs you want to divide in them certain APIs you want to divide in them into different features or phases that into different features or phases that into different features or phases that the coding agent will plan separately the coding agent will plan separately the coding agent will plan separately while considering the big picture and while considering the big picture and while considering the big picture and then you pick one feature at a time. You then you pick one feature at a time. You then you pick one feature at a time. You plan that use another coding agent which plan that use another coding agent which plan that use another coding agent which is separate from the planning agent to is separate from the planning agent to is separate from the planning agent to implement that feature. You test it, implement that feature. You test it, implement that feature. You test it, verify it using the initial coding agent verify it using the initial coding agent verify it using the initial coding agent that created the plan and you iterate that created the plan and you iterate that created the plan and you iterate this whole process. This will ensure this whole process. This will ensure this whole process. This will ensure there are no regressions in performance there are no regressions in performance there are no regressions in performance or it's not going to potentially touch or it's not going to potentially touch or it's not going to potentially touch implementations that are already implementations that are already implementations that are already working. You can follow this workflow in working. You can follow this workflow in working. You can follow this workflow in almost any coding agent or you can use almost any coding agent or you can use almost any coding agent or you can use specialized tools like tracer to help specialized tools like tracer to help specialized tools like tracer to help you build this workflow without any you build this workflow without any you build this workflow without any hassle. This lets you build plans for hassle. This lets you build plans for hassle. This lets you build plans for each feature. Then use independent each feature. Then use independent each feature. Then use independent agents like clot or co-pilot to do the agents like clot or co-pilot to do the agents like clot or co-pilot to do the actual implementation actual implementation actual implementation and let tracer verify the and let tracer verify the and let tracer verify the implementation. In fact, it's just a VS implementation. In fact, it's just a VS implementation. In fact, it's just a VS Code extension that you can install Code extension that you can install Code extension that you can install inside your coding agent. I personally inside your coding agent. I personally inside your coding agent. I personally really like their workflow and I'm really like their workflow and I'm really like their workflow and I'm actually happy that they are making this actually happy that they are making this actually happy that they are making this video possible through their video possible through their video possible through their sponsorship. Now, the process I'm about sponsorship. Now, the process I'm about sponsorship. Now, the process I'm about to show you is possible inside any to show you is possible inside any to show you is possible inside any coding agent, but Tracer makes it a lot coding agent, but Tracer makes it a lot coding agent, but Tracer makes it a lot more smooth and effortless. Now you will more smooth and effortless. Now you will more smooth and effortless. Now you will need to install this extension in VS need to install this extension in VS need to install this extension in VS Code or the choice of your own IDE and Code or the choice of your own IDE and Code or the choice of your own IDE and then you need to sign up and can get then you need to sign up and can get then you need to sign up and can get started with this for free. But let me started with this for free. But let me started with this for free. But let me show you a practical example of how you show you a practical example of how you show you a practical example of how you would use a workflow. Okay, here's the would use a workflow. Okay, here's the would use a workflow. Okay, here's the tracer extension within VS Code. There tracer extension within VS Code. There tracer extension within VS Code. There are two options. You can chat with the are two options. You can chat with the are two options. You can chat with the AI to clarify the intent and then break AI to clarify the intent and then break AI to clarify the intent and then break it down into manageable tasks. And the it down into manageable tasks. And the it down into manageable tasks. And the second option is to create a detailed second option is to create a detailed second option is to create a detailed file level plan, refine it with AI and file level plan, refine it with AI and file level plan, refine it with AI and then send it to the agent for execution. then send it to the agent for execution. then send it to the agent for execution. So what I'm going to do is we're going So what I'm going to do is we're going So what I'm going to do is we're going to start with the phases. I want to have to start with the phases. I want to have to start with the phases. I want to have a conversation with the agent to help me a conversation with the agent to help me a conversation with the agent to help me build a plan and that's what I usually build a plan and that's what I usually build a plan and that's what I usually do. So for example, I want to create a do. So for example, I want to create a do. So for example, I want to create a web app that is going to be using HTML web app that is going to be using HTML web app that is going to be using HTML for the front end. For the back end, I for the front end. For the back end, I for the front end. For the back end, I want to use Google's nano banana want to use Google's nano banana want to use Google's nano banana image model to generate images based on image model to generate images based on image model to generate images based on the user prompt. The user will provide a the user prompt. The user will provide a the user prompt. The user will provide a text prompt. The web app is supposed to text prompt. The web app is supposed to text prompt. The web app is supposed to generate generate generate four images. The user should be able to four images. The user should be able to four images. The user should be able to select one of them. Then subsequently select one of them. Then subsequently select one of them. Then subsequently pass this new image along with a text pass this new image along with a text pass this new image along with a text prompt to keep generating. I want to use prompt to keep generating. I want to use prompt to keep generating. I want to use the rest API. So I don't want to use any the rest API. So I don't want to use any the rest API. So I don't want to use any SDK. Look up the documentation for nano SDK. Look up the documentation for nano SDK. Look up the documentation for nano banana Google model with REST API. Okay. banana Google model with REST API. Okay. banana Google model with REST API. Okay. By the way, this was realtime By the way, this was realtime By the way, this was realtime transcription. I'm working on a transcription. I'm working on a transcription. I'm working on a transcription app which is extremely transcription app which is extremely transcription app which is extremely fast. So, we're going to send this in fast. So, we're going to send this in fast. So, we're going to send this in and let's have a conversation with the and let's have a conversation with the and let's have a conversation with the agent to come up with a plan. Right now, agent to come up with a plan. Right now, agent to come up with a plan. Right now, it's actually doing Google search to it's actually doing Google search to it's actually doing Google search to look for look for look for Google's nano banana API endpoint. And Google's nano banana API endpoint. And Google's nano banana API endpoint. And this is one of the best features I like this is one of the best features I like this is one of the best features I like within Tracer. Unlike some of the other within Tracer. Unlike some of the other within Tracer. Unlike some of the other agentic systems, it has the ability to agentic systems, it has the ability to agentic systems, it has the ability to do web search and it decides to use that do web search and it decides to use that do web search and it decides to use that tool whenever it's planning. Okay, so it tool whenever it's planning. Okay, so it tool whenever it's planning. Okay, so it found Gemini 2.5 flash image which is found Gemini 2.5 flash image which is found Gemini 2.5 flash image which is nicknamed nano banana. Then it asks us nicknamed nano banana. Then it asks us nicknamed nano banana. Then it asks us about the API key. It's going to use about the API key. It's going to use about the API key. It's going to use NodeJS. NodeJS. NodeJS. It's making recommendations. It says you It's making recommendations. It says you It's making recommendations. It says you mentioned HTML for the front end but mentioned HTML for the front end but mentioned HTML for the front end but what backend technology we would like to what backend technology we would like to what backend technology we would like to use. So options are NodeJS, Python. I am use. So options are NodeJS, Python. I am use. So options are NodeJS, Python. I am comfortable with Python. So we're going comfortable with Python. So we're going comfortable with Python. So we're going to say Python and then image generation to say Python and then image generation to say Python and then image generation count. So this is going to be four count. So this is going to be four count. So this is going to be four variation in one API call or make four variation in one API call or make four variation in one API call or make four separate calls. So let's clarify these separate calls. So let's clarify these separate calls. So let's clarify these for back end use Python and for for back end use Python and for for back end use Python and for generation of multiple images use the generation of multiple images use the generation of multiple images use the candidate count if that works. And for candidate count if that works. And for candidate count if that works. And for storage, we can store it temporarily in storage, we can store it temporarily in storage, we can store it temporarily in the memory. Okay, we're going to send the memory. Okay, we're going to send the memory. Okay, we're going to send this in. Okay, so it came up with a this in. Okay, so it came up with a this in. Okay, so it came up with a detailed plan. If you click on it, you detailed plan. If you click on it, you detailed plan. If you click on it, you can see that it has multiple different can see that it has multiple different can see that it has multiple different phases. So we can generate plan for each phases. So we can generate plan for each phases. So we can generate plan for each of the phases. It completed a detailed of the phases. It completed a detailed of the phases. It completed a detailed plan with all the requirements. Now, plan with all the requirements. Now, plan with all the requirements. Now, interestingly, interestingly, interestingly, Tracer actually comes up with an Tracer actually comes up with an Tracer actually comes up with an implementation plan and that implementation plan and that implementation plan and that implementation plan is up to a single implementation plan is up to a single implementation plan is up to a single file. So, here are the different files file. So, here are the different files file. So, here are the different files that it suggests to create and what is that it suggests to create and what is that it suggests to create and what is supposed to be in each of those files. supposed to be in each of those files. supposed to be in each of those files. At the moment, the project is empty. At the moment, the project is empty. At the moment, the project is empty. Now, if we are happy with this plan, Now, if we are happy with this plan, Now, if we are happy with this plan, then you can either execute this within then you can either execute this within then you can either execute this within uh copilot tracer or you can pass it on uh copilot tracer or you can pass it on uh copilot tracer or you can pass it on to cloud code. So we're going to execute to cloud code. So we're going to execute to cloud code. So we're going to execute this within cloud code once we agree on this within cloud code once we agree on this within cloud code once we agree on the implementation plan. And here you the implementation plan. And here you the implementation plan. And here you can actually see that tracer keeps track can actually see that tracer keeps track can actually see that tracer keeps track of the things. So it says do you want to of the things. So it says do you want to of the things. So it says do you want to verify what cloud code has done? We can verify what cloud code has done? We can verify what cloud code has done? We can go to the verification step. And here go to the verification step. And here go to the verification step. And here our tracer is able to verify the our tracer is able to verify the our tracer is able to verify the implementation from cloud code. Okay. implementation from cloud code. Okay. implementation from cloud code. Okay. Once the back end is implemented now we Once the back end is implemented now we Once the back end is implemented now we can go to Gemini REST API client. Again can go to Gemini REST API client. Again can go to Gemini REST API client. Again we can go step by step and implement we can go step by step and implement we can go step by step and implement every phase. every phase. every phase. In this phase it wants to implement a In this phase it wants to implement a In this phase it wants to implement a few more Python files. It also is few more Python files. It also is few more Python files. It also is showing us what exactly the REST API is showing us what exactly the REST API is showing us what exactly the REST API is supposed to look like. What are going to supposed to look like. What are going to supposed to look like. What are going to be the different parameters? What are be the different parameters? What are be the different parameters? What are the expected output? So extremely the expected output? So extremely the expected output? So extremely detailed and this is exactly what you detailed and this is exactly what you detailed and this is exactly what you want to do. Now we're going to pass it want to do. Now we're going to pass it want to do. Now we're going to pass it on to cloud code to execute this. And on to cloud code to execute this. And on to cloud code to execute this. And after that, we're going to test the after that, we're going to test the after that, we're going to test the backend functionality to ensure backend functionality to ensure backend functionality to ensure everything is working. I tend to do everything is working. I tend to do everything is working. I tend to do incremental testing. That way, you can incremental testing. That way, you can incremental testing. That way, you can keep track of the progress the agent is keep track of the progress the agent is keep track of the progress the agent is making and also you can test different making and also you can test different making and also you can test different components. Now, in order to test the components. Now, in order to test the components. Now, in order to test the API endpoints, we'll need to provide our API endpoints, we'll need to provide our API endpoints, we'll need to provide our Gemini API key. And it also added a link Gemini API key. And it also added a link Gemini API key. And it also added a link to Google AI Studio, which is pretty to Google AI Studio, which is pretty to Google AI Studio, which is pretty neat. Okay, so here it seems like it neat. Okay, so here it seems like it neat. Okay, so here it seems like it found an issue with the implementation. found an issue with the implementation. found an issue with the implementation. We're going to fix everything. So it We're going to fix everything. So it We're going to fix everything. So it provides a context of what exactly the provides a context of what exactly the provides a context of what exactly the fix needs to be. Once that feature was fix needs to be. Once that feature was fix needs to be. Once that feature was implemented, I asked cloth to run a test implemented, I asked cloth to run a test implemented, I asked cloth to run a test to see whether the API endpoint works or to see whether the API endpoint works or to see whether the API endpoint works or not. It also found out a small bug, but not. It also found out a small bug, but not. It also found out a small bug, but seems like everything is working at the seems like everything is working at the seems like everything is working at the moment, right? So this is great. Now we moment, right? So this is great. Now we moment, right? So this is great. Now we can build on top of this. So we're going can build on top of this. So we're going can build on top of this. So we're going to go to the next stage. So it completed to go to the next stage. So it completed to go to the next stage. So it completed another plan for the next step. We're another plan for the next step. We're another plan for the next step. We're going to execute everything in cloud going to execute everything in cloud going to execute everything in cloud code. Again, it opens yet another code. Again, it opens yet another code. Again, it opens yet another terminal. But in every case, it provides terminal. But in every case, it provides terminal. But in every case, it provides cloud code with enough context that it cloud code with enough context that it cloud code with enough context that it actually knows what project it's working actually knows what project it's working actually knows what project it's working on. Okay, so we just ran the final step. on. Okay, so we just ran the final step. on. Okay, so we just ran the final step. Seems like it didn't find any Seems like it didn't find any Seems like it didn't find any regressions, which is pretty great, regressions, which is pretty great, regressions, which is pretty great, right? And as you can see, we're simply right? And as you can see, we're simply right? And as you can see, we're simply building up one step at a time. and building up one step at a time. and building up one step at a time. and tracer helps us keep everything in tracer helps us keep everything in tracer helps us keep everything in check. Now the moment of truth. So there check. Now the moment of truth. So there check. Now the moment of truth. So there were a couple of issues. For example, were a couple of issues. For example, were a couple of issues. For example, that candidate count didn't work. So we that candidate count didn't work. So we that candidate count didn't work. So we are now making four separate API calls are now making four separate API calls are now making four separate API calls instead of using that. But let's run instead of using that. But let's run instead of using that. But let's run this and let's see what the output we're this and let's see what the output we're this and let's see what the output we're going to get. Okay. So here's what the going to get. Okay. So here's what the going to get. Okay. So here's what the app looks like. Seems like there's a app looks like. Seems like there's a app looks like. Seems like there's a text button or place to provide a text button or place to provide a text button or place to provide a prompt. Then we can generate an image. prompt. Then we can generate an image. prompt. Then we can generate an image. Also there is iterate with selected Also there is iterate with selected Also there is iterate with selected image. So I think when it generates image. So I think when it generates image. So I think when it generates images, we'll be able to iterate images, we'll be able to iterate images, we'll be able to iterate hopefully. So let's see. Create an image hopefully. So let's see. Create an image hopefully. So let's see. Create an image of a cat on a skateboard of a cat on a skateboard of a cat on a skateboard on a beach. on a beach. on a beach. There is uh sunset scene behind the cat. There is uh sunset scene behind the cat. There is uh sunset scene behind the cat. Okay. So not the best of prompts, but Okay. So not the best of prompts, but Okay. So not the best of prompts, but let's send this. Now it's going to be let's send this. Now it's going to be let's send this. Now it's going to be making four different API calls and the making four different API calls and the making four different API calls and the nano banana API calls do take some time. nano banana API calls do take some time. nano banana API calls do take some time. So I'm going to come back when it So I'm going to come back when it So I'm going to come back when it generates the images. Okay. So pretty generates the images. Okay. So pretty generates the images. Okay. So pretty cool, right? So we have multiple cool, right? So we have multiple cool, right? So we have multiple different images. Now you will also see different images. Now you will also see different images. Now you will also see this text. Banana banana actually is a this text. Banana banana actually is a this text. Banana banana actually is a multimodel model. So it generates images multimodel model. So it generates images multimodel model. So it generates images along with text. Okay. So, all of them along with text. Okay. So, all of them along with text. Okay. So, all of them look pretty cute, but I'm going to look pretty cute, but I'm going to look pretty cute, but I'm going to select this one. And let's see if the select this one. And let's see if the select this one. And let's see if the subsequent request is going to work. Put subsequent request is going to work. Put subsequent request is going to work. Put a hat on the cat while it's drinking a hat on the cat while it's drinking a hat on the cat while it's drinking orange juice on a sofa watching TV. All orange juice on a sofa watching TV. All orange juice on a sofa watching TV. All right, so we're going to send this one right, so we're going to send this one right, so we're going to send this one now and let's wait. Okay, so we get four now and let's wait. Okay, so we get four now and let's wait. Okay, so we get four more cats. This cat definitely looks more cats. This cat definitely looks more cats. This cat definitely looks very similar to the original one. So, very similar to the original one. So, very similar to the original one. So, here's the one that we selected. here's the one that we selected. here's the one that we selected. Although I think it did lose that scarf Although I think it did lose that scarf Although I think it did lose that scarf over there. Uh but overall the over there. Uh but overall the over there. Uh but overall the composition is very similar. So pretty composition is very similar. So pretty composition is very similar. So pretty good job. And if you wanted to add good job. And if you wanted to add good job. And if you wanted to add another feature, we could just add a new another feature, we could just add a new another feature, we could just add a new face. We'll describe the phase and then face. We'll describe the phase and then face. We'll describe the phase and then we can use tracer to help us implement we can use tracer to help us implement we can use tracer to help us implement that. So overall, tracer is an extremely that. So overall, tracer is an extremely that. So overall, tracer is an extremely powerful tool that can help you powerful tool that can help you powerful tool that can help you do the planning for your five coding do the planning for your five coding do the planning for your five coding applications. And I personally really applications. And I personally really applications. And I personally really like this specsdriven development along like this specsdriven development along like this specsdriven development along with verification that Tracer provides. with verification that Tracer provides. with verification that Tracer provides. You can get started with Tracer for You can get started with Tracer for You can get started with Tracer for absolutely free. You get 7day pro trial. absolutely free. You get 7day pro trial. absolutely free. You get 7day pro trial. Link is going to be in the video Link is going to be in the video Link is going to be in the video description. Now the goal of this video description. Now the goal of this video description. Now the goal of this video was not only to show you a tool but was not only to show you a tool but was not only to show you a tool but actually walk you through a complete actually walk you through a complete actually walk you through a complete technique. And the goal is going to be technique. And the goal is going to be technique. And the goal is going to be to break down your project into to break down your project into to break down your project into manageable tasks. whether you are doing manageable tasks. whether you are doing manageable tasks. whether you are doing w coding or development yourself and w coding or development yourself and w coding or development yourself and then implement those task by planning at then implement those task by planning at then implement those task by planning at it and you are going to provide a much it and you are going to provide a much it and you are going to provide a much better context to your coding model. better context to your coding model. better context to your coding model. Anyways, I hope you found this video Anyways, I hope you found this video Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as useful. Thanks for watching and as useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
