Title: Vibe Versioning - Iterate UI in Cursor 10x faster
Channel: AI Jason
======================================================================

I want to show you how can you iterate I want to show you how can you iterate I want to show you how can you iterate UI implementation in cursor very easily UI implementation in cursor very easily UI implementation in cursor very easily and effective as we get new model like and effective as we get new model like and effective as we get new model like cloud 4 models coding capability for UI cloud 4 models coding capability for UI cloud 4 models coding capability for UI is become much better but once I really is become much better but once I really is become much better but once I really miss implementing UI in cursor compared miss implementing UI in cursor compared miss implementing UI in cursor compared with platform like v0ero is the with platform like v0ero is the with platform like v0ero is the versioning it will lock all the versioning it will lock all the versioning it will lock all the different versions as it goes so I can different versions as it goes so I can different versions as it goes so I can jump in between different versions jump in between different versions jump in between different versions compare the difference and forks from compare the difference and forks from compare the difference and forks from the ones I prefer more and the nature of the ones I prefer more and the nature of the ones I prefer more and the nature of design is that we often will iterate design is that we often will iterate design is that we often will iterate multiple different versions of the same multiple different versions of the same multiple different versions of the same screen until we find a version that we screen until we find a version that we screen until we find a version that we really like. I just found this open really like. I just found this open really like. I just found this open source plugin recently called Yoyo that source plugin recently called Yoyo that source plugin recently called Yoyo that allow you to do this version control allow you to do this version control allow you to do this version control directly in the AI ID like cursor wins directly in the AI ID like cursor wins directly in the AI ID like cursor wins serve and cloud code and this speed ups serve and cloud code and this speed ups serve and cloud code and this speed ups the UI iterations much faster and it's the UI iterations much faster and it's the UI iterations much faster and it's also very good for code maintenance as also very good for code maintenance as also very good for code maintenance as well because quite often when you prompt well because quite often when you prompt well because quite often when you prompt cursor to do something it might just go cursor to do something it might just go cursor to do something it might just go off rail and break a lot of stuff. So off rail and break a lot of stuff. So off rail and break a lot of stuff. So you almost want some sort of quick you almost want some sort of quick you almost want some sort of quick snappy save that you can easily go back snappy save that you can easily go back snappy save that you can easily go back something more lightweight than git. And something more lightweight than git. And something more lightweight than git. And here is my UI iteration workflow with here is my UI iteration workflow with here is my UI iteration workflow with yoyo. So I can just click a button to yoyo. So I can just click a button to yoyo. So I can just click a button to install extension. Normally I firstly go install extension. Normally I firstly go install extension. Normally I firstly go to different platform to find design to different platform to find design to different platform to find design inspirations. Their platform like inspirations. Their platform like inspirations. Their platform like dribble where you can just go and find dribble where you can just go and find dribble where you can just go and find some good UI reference as well as mobile some good UI reference as well as mobile some good UI reference as well as mobile where they provide you real mockups of where they provide you real mockups of where they provide you real mockups of applications or specific UI elements. applications or specific UI elements. applications or specific UI elements. Let's say I found a UI that I quite Let's say I found a UI that I quite Let's say I found a UI that I quite like. I can just take screenshot here like. I can just take screenshot here like. I can just take screenshot here and paste into cursor give from UI and paste into cursor give from UI and paste into cursor give from UI senior front end engineer designer we senior front end engineer designer we senior front end engineer designer we want to build a digital web application want to build a digital web application want to build a digital web application UI just like attached moch please first UI just like attached moch please first UI just like attached moch please first break down and analyze design system break down and analyze design system break down and analyze design system style font and components and let's style font and components and let's style font and components and let's firstly build a UI mo with mock data on firstly build a UI mo with mock data on firstly build a UI mo with mock data on the first page so it will try to analyze the first page so it will try to analyze the first page so it will try to analyze the design style font and colors okay the design style font and colors okay the design style font and colors okay now it has first version built in and we now it has first version built in and we now it has first version built in and we can copy this URL and do command shift P can copy this URL and do command shift P can copy this URL and do command shift P uh search for simple browser and paste uh search for simple browser and paste uh search for simple browser and paste in the URL. This will allow you to just in the URL. This will allow you to just in the URL. This will allow you to just preview the UI here directly in cursor preview the UI here directly in cursor preview the UI here directly in cursor which is very helpful. So this is the which is very helpful. So this is the which is very helpful. So this is the first version of the UI. As you can see first version of the UI. As you can see first version of the UI. As you can see it's kind of 80% and got essence of UI it's kind of 80% and got essence of UI it's kind of 80% and got essence of UI but it's not like 100%. And I also want but it's not like 100%. And I also want but it's not like 100%. And I also want to like experiment with a few different to like experiment with a few different to like experiment with a few different versions of styles. And this is where versions of styles. And this is where versions of styles. And this is where this version control is really useful this version control is really useful this version control is really useful for iterating UI. So I can create a new for iterating UI. So I can create a new for iterating UI. So I can create a new version by clicking on this button. This version by clicking on this button. This version by clicking on this button. This will create a snapshot of the codebase will create a snapshot of the codebase will create a snapshot of the codebase at this specific point. Uh and I can at this specific point. Uh and I can at this specific point. Uh and I can give it like initial UI. Then I can give it like initial UI. Then I can give it like initial UI. Then I can start iterating the UI. Let's say I want start iterating the UI. Let's say I want start iterating the UI. Let's say I want to iterate the component cards at top. to iterate the component cards at top. to iterate the component cards at top. The cards at top should look like a moch The cards at top should look like a moch The cards at top should look like a moch here. But currently it is not even here. But currently it is not even here. But currently it is not even aligned and the color is wrong. For the aligned and the color is wrong. For the aligned and the color is wrong. For the event card, I can copy paste and give a event card, I can copy paste and give a event card, I can copy paste and give a prompt for task car. Please polish your prompt for task car. Please polish your prompt for task car. Please polish your UI to look exactly same as the UI to look exactly same as the UI to look exactly same as the screenshot. So we did some finetuning screenshot. So we did some finetuning screenshot. So we did some finetuning and polish of the UI. I can click on and polish of the UI. I can click on and polish of the UI. I can click on save new version here to save a newer save new version here to save a newer save new version here to save a newer version of the UI and this how version version of the UI and this how version version of the UI and this how version going to help on the UI iteration. I can going to help on the UI iteration. I can going to help on the UI iteration. I can click on the V1 again and refresh the click on the V1 again and refresh the click on the V1 again and refresh the simple browser. This allow me to see simple browser. This allow me to see simple browser. This allow me to see what the original version was and I can what the original version was and I can what the original version was and I can click back to the V2 and take a look at click back to the V2 and take a look at click back to the V2 and take a look at the latest version. So you can like go the latest version. So you can like go the latest version. So you can like go back and forth between those different back and forth between those different back and forth between those different iterations very easily and see which one iterations very easily and see which one iterations very easily and see which one is your favorite. And I can make a few is your favorite. And I can make a few is your favorite. And I can make a few more changes now. Help me make a light more changes now. Help me make a light more changes now. Help me make a light mode version, not dark mode version. So mode version, not dark mode version. So mode version, not dark mode version. So I got the light version here. And I can I got the light version here. And I can I got the light version here. And I can still again save the version. And I can still again save the version. And I can still again save the version. And I can also add some custom nodes here. So this also add some custom nodes here. So this also add some custom nodes here. So this will be the light version. Previously will be the light version. Previously will be the light version. Previously will be polished dark version. I can will be polished dark version. I can will be polished dark version. I can switch different type of UI quite easily switch different type of UI quite easily switch different type of UI quite easily to see which one do I like. And I can to see which one do I like. And I can to see which one do I like. And I can even make some more dramatic change. For even make some more dramatic change. For even make some more dramatic change. For example, Apple introduced this kind of example, Apple introduced this kind of example, Apple introduced this kind of liquid glass type of style recently. I liquid glass type of style recently. I liquid glass type of style recently. I can just go find some liquid glass can just go find some liquid glass can just go find some liquid glass implementation on GitHub and here we got implementation on GitHub and here we got implementation on GitHub and here we got a one. So I can go to the CSS here and a one. So I can go to the CSS here and a one. So I can go to the CSS here and just copy the whole style here and give just copy the whole style here and give just copy the whole style here and give a prompt. Please help me update the a prompt. Please help me update the a prompt. Please help me update the whole UI with Apple's new liquid glass whole UI with Apple's new liquid glass whole UI with Apple's new liquid glass style. Below is some reference which is style. Below is some reference which is style. Below is some reference which is CSS I just paste in. Now we get this CSS I just paste in. Now we get this CSS I just paste in. Now we get this type of new liquid glass type of style type of new liquid glass type of style type of new liquid glass type of style application. Obviously, you can keep application. Obviously, you can keep application. Obviously, you can keep fine-tuning the UI to make it looks fine-tuning the UI to make it looks fine-tuning the UI to make it looks better. And again, I can save the better. And again, I can save the better. And again, I can save the version and you can see some description version and you can see some description version and you can see some description be automatically added about liquid be automatically added about liquid be automatically added about liquid glass. And what's really cool about this glass. And what's really cool about this glass. And what's really cool about this new version control is that it manually new version control is that it manually new version control is that it manually kept a lot of different versions. You kept a lot of different versions. You kept a lot of different versions. You can actually chat to extension to can actually chat to extension to can actually chat to extension to understand what does each version understand what does each version understand what does each version contains and find a specific branch that contains and find a specific branch that contains and find a specific branch that made certain change. Like here, I can made certain change. Like here, I can made certain change. Like here, I can just give a prompt which version was just give a prompt which version was just give a prompt which version was initial light mode. it will initial light mode. it will initial light mode. it will automatically return me the right automatically return me the right automatically return me the right version as well as some description version as well as some description version as well as some description about what exactly we did in that about what exactly we did in that about what exactly we did in that specific version. And this I think is specific version. And this I think is specific version. And this I think is just touching what the new git or just touching what the new git or just touching what the new git or versioning experience could be in the versioning experience could be in the versioning experience could be in the era of AI coding. There's also a very era of AI coding. There's also a very era of AI coding. There's also a very interesting interview between YC and the interesting interview between YC and the interesting interview between YC and the founder of wingsf where they talk about founder of wingsf where they talk about founder of wingsf where they talk about how git might be different. Have you how git might be different. Have you how git might be different. Have you thought at all about whether doing git thought at all about whether doing git thought at all about whether doing git commit all the time is the right move or commit all the time is the right move or commit all the time is the right move or whether there needs to be like a deeper whether there needs to be like a deeper whether there needs to be like a deeper infrastructure change? Yeah, I think we infrastructure change? Yeah, I think we infrastructure change? Yeah, I think we have. So, you know, one of the things have. So, you know, one of the things have. So, you know, one of the things that we always think of is in the future that we always think of is in the future that we always think of is in the future you're going to have many many agents you're going to have many many agents you're going to have many many agents running in parallel on your codebase. running in parallel on your codebase. running in parallel on your codebase. That has some some trade-offs, right? If That has some some trade-offs, right? If That has some some trade-offs, right? If you have two agents that kind of modify you have two agents that kind of modify you have two agents that kind of modify the same piece of code at the same time, the same piece of code at the same time, the same piece of code at the same time, it's hard to actually know what's going it's hard to actually know what's going it's hard to actually know what's going That's another thing is that like it's That's another thing is that like it's That's another thing is that like it's hard to have multiple branches checked hard to have multiple branches checked hard to have multiple branches checked out at the same time with different out at the same time with different out at the same time with different agents working on them independently. agents working on them independently. agents working on them independently. All the merge conflicts. Oh god, there's All the merge conflicts. Oh god, there's All the merge conflicts. Oh god, there's a lot of If you're interested in this a lot of If you're interested in this a lot of If you're interested in this topic, I definitely recommend you go topic, I definitely recommend you go topic, I definitely recommend you go check out and imagine what the future check out and imagine what the future check out and imagine what the future might look like. Meanwhile, if you want might look like. Meanwhile, if you want might look like. Meanwhile, if you want to learn about AI coding beyond basics, to learn about AI coding beyond basics, to learn about AI coding beyond basics, I'm building this platform called AI I'm building this platform called AI I'm building this platform called AI builder club where I will share the builder club where I will share the builder club where I will share the latest workflow tips and learnings about latest workflow tips and learnings about latest workflow tips and learnings about AI coding and building production ready AI coding and building production ready AI coding and building production ready agents both myself and other industry agents both myself and other industry agents both myself and other industry experts as well as tools that can help experts as well as tools that can help experts as well as tools that can help you get start with your AI software much you get start with your AI software much you get start with your AI software much faster like SAS launch kit and MCP boy faster like SAS launch kit and MCP boy faster like SAS launch kit and MCP boy play. If you're interested, you can play. If you're interested, you can play. If you're interested, you can click on the link in the description click on the link in the description click on the link in the description below to join. I hope you enjoy this below to join. I hope you enjoy this below to join. I hope you enjoy this video. Thank you and I see you next
