Title: By Far the Fastest Way to Build Apps with AI
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

So, I have to admit something to you. I So, I have to admit something to you. I So, I have to admit something to you. I have an addiction here. For the past have an addiction here. For the past have an addiction here. For the past couple months, I've spent way too much couple months, I've spent way too much couple months, I've spent way too much time building custom applications with time building custom applications with time building custom applications with AI. The good news is that that totally AI. The good news is that that totally AI. The good news is that that totally aligns with this YouTube channel, and I aligns with this YouTube channel, and I aligns with this YouTube channel, and I get to show you various projects that I get to show you various projects that I get to show you various projects that I do. So, in today's video, I'll be do. So, in today's video, I'll be do. So, in today's video, I'll be showing you another one that solves a showing you another one that solves a showing you another one that solves a problem that I genuinely deal with every problem that I genuinely deal with every problem that I genuinely deal with every week. And the platform we'll be using week. And the platform we'll be using week. And the platform we'll be using here has some standout features, here has some standout features, here has some standout features, especially for people who haven't done especially for people who haven't done especially for people who haven't done this before. Trust me on this, I've used this before. Trust me on this, I've used this before. Trust me on this, I've used them all. But first, let's talk about them all. But first, let's talk about them all. But first, let's talk about the problem I'll be solving here. So, as the problem I'll be solving here. So, as the problem I'll be solving here. So, as you might know, I don't create these you might know, I don't create these you might know, I don't create these videos by myself. Between the YouTube videos by myself. Between the YouTube videos by myself. Between the YouTube channel, the community operations, and channel, the community operations, and channel, the community operations, and the B2B training, at this point, we have the B2B training, at this point, we have the B2B training, at this point, we have over 10 people scattered across the over 10 people scattered across the over 10 people scattered across the world that are fully remote. This world that are fully remote. This world that are fully remote. This creates time zone problems regularly. creates time zone problems regularly. creates time zone problems regularly. And by now, I've just given up on this And by now, I've just given up on this And by now, I've just given up on this idea of keeping track of all of it in my idea of keeping track of all of it in my idea of keeping track of all of it in my head. And there's great apps that help head. And there's great apps that help head. And there's great apps that help you convert one time zone to the others, you convert one time zone to the others, you convert one time zone to the others, but I wanted something custom for our but I wanted something custom for our but I wanted something custom for our team, something that the entire team can team, something that the entire team can team, something that the entire team can use. And members, if they travel, like use. And members, if they travel, like use. And members, if they travel, like our video editor that is in South Korea our video editor that is in South Korea our video editor that is in South Korea right now, we can easily update. and right now, we can easily update. and right now, we can easily update. and then see when we can schedule our then see when we can schedule our then see when we can schedule our meetings in an instant. So, my goal meetings in an instant. So, my goal meetings in an instant. So, my goal today is to build something similar to today is to build something similar to today is to build something similar to this app that I really like, but custom this app that I really like, but custom this app that I really like, but custom for our team. And I wanted to be visual, for our team. And I wanted to be visual, for our team. And I wanted to be visual, too, so the team members can see where too, so the team members can see where too, so the team members can see where we're across the globe cuz sometimes we're across the globe cuz sometimes we're across the globe cuz sometimes working remotely can feel a bit working remotely can feel a bit working remotely can feel a bit disconnected. And I told you I'll be disconnected. And I told you I'll be disconnected. And I told you I'll be building this in quite the unique building this in quite the unique building this in quite the unique platform. And at this point, if you're platform. And at this point, if you're platform. And at this point, if you're following the channel, you might have a following the channel, you might have a following the channel, you might have a similar feeling to me, which is that similar feeling to me, which is that similar feeling to me, which is that there's many platforms that allow you to there's many platforms that allow you to there's many platforms that allow you to build these applications from scratch. build these applications from scratch. build these applications from scratch. But today, I'll be building it in base But today, I'll be building it in base But today, I'll be building it in base 44. And if you haven't heard of this, 44. And if you haven't heard of this, 44. And if you haven't heard of this, they do one thing outstandingly well. they do one thing outstandingly well. they do one thing outstandingly well. They have the most solid starting point They have the most solid starting point They have the most solid starting point out of all these apps. And what I mean out of all these apps. And what I mean out of all these apps. And what I mean by that is that you have everything that by that is that you have everything that by that is that you have everything that you need at the beginning already you need at the beginning already you need at the beginning already preconfigured. Authentication, a preconfigured. Authentication, a preconfigured. Authentication, a database, user management, analytics, database, user management, analytics, database, user management, analytics, domain management, and even a function domain management, and even a function domain management, and even a function to run security checks on your site as to run security checks on your site as to run security checks on your site as that is not even a consideration in most that is not even a consideration in most that is not even a consideration in most VIP coding applications. And they've VIP coding applications. And they've VIP coding applications. And they've reached out to sponsor a video. And as reached out to sponsor a video. And as reached out to sponsor a video. And as per usual, we went ahead and tried it per usual, we went ahead and tried it per usual, we went ahead and tried it and consulted our community. And what we and consulted our community. And what we and consulted our community. And what we found is that there's actually multiple found is that there's actually multiple found is that there's actually multiple people who actively use this who people who actively use this who people who actively use this who absolutely love the fact that everything absolutely love the fact that everything absolutely love the fact that everything just works from the get- go. And I'll just works from the get- go. And I'll just works from the get- go. And I'll share a direct quote from one of our share a direct quote from one of our share a direct quote from one of our members, Durk. He's like the vibe coding members, Durk. He's like the vibe coding members, Durk. He's like the vibe coding guy in the AI advantage community. And guy in the AI advantage community. And guy in the AI advantage community. And he said, "No other no code builder can he said, "No other no code builder can he said, "No other no code builder can build complex applications in one shot build complex applications in one shot build complex applications in one shot as well as this." And it makes sense as well as this." And it makes sense as well as this." And it makes sense because it comes with so many pre-built because it comes with so many pre-built because it comes with so many pre-built components. You can just build components. You can just build components. You can just build applications without worrying about the applications without worrying about the applications without worrying about the basics working. So with that being said, basics working. So with that being said, basics working. So with that being said, let's get right into the build. We could let's get right into the build. We could let's get right into the build. We could be using various templates here that you be using various templates here that you be using various templates here that you can find up here which are obviously can find up here which are obviously can find up here which are obviously great for inspiration, but we'll be great for inspiration, but we'll be great for inspiration, but we'll be starting with a blank canvas right here. starting with a blank canvas right here. starting with a blank canvas right here. And I prepared a little overview of what And I prepared a little overview of what And I prepared a little overview of what we want to do here today. Just had a we want to do here today. Just had a we want to do here today. Just had a simple little chat chy conversation simple little chat chy conversation simple little chat chy conversation about my ideas and I got this and I about my ideas and I got this and I about my ideas and I got this and I think it captures it really well. The think it captures it really well. The think it captures it really well. The purpose of this aligns with what I told purpose of this aligns with what I told purpose of this aligns with what I told you in the beginning. Basically, a world you in the beginning. Basically, a world you in the beginning. Basically, a world map with various times and an option to map with various times and an option to map with various times and an option to pick a future date and time to see what pick a future date and time to see what pick a future date and time to see what that looks like for the various team that looks like for the various team that looks like for the various team members. Here's a list of the various members. Here's a list of the various members. Here's a list of the various team members and where they're located. team members and where they're located. team members and where they're located. And what we'll do is we'll just copy And what we'll do is we'll just copy And what we'll do is we'll just copy this over into base 44. I literally just this over into base 44. I literally just this over into base 44. I literally just signed up with my Google account and signed up with my Google account and signed up with my Google account and subscribed to the builder plan so I subscribed to the builder plan so I subscribed to the builder plan so I could play with this. And that's it. I could play with this. And that's it. I could play with this. And that's it. I didn't set up any external services. didn't set up any external services. didn't set up any external services. None of that. This works really well at None of that. This works really well at None of that. This works really well at streamlining all of that. And now I'll streamlining all of that. And now I'll streamlining all of that. And now I'll just lean back for a second. I'll let it just lean back for a second. I'll let it just lean back for a second. I'll let it do its thing. We'll time-lapse through do its thing. We'll time-lapse through do its thing. We'll time-lapse through the building process and I'll see you in the building process and I'll see you in the building process and I'll see you in a few minutes once this is done a few minutes once this is done a few minutes once this is done building. And you have my words that we building. And you have my words that we building. And you have my words that we didn't even do multiple takes. I'll just didn't even do multiple takes. I'll just didn't even do multiple takes. I'll just show you what this creates on the first show you what this creates on the first show you what this creates on the first try of the first recording. And as you try of the first recording. And as you try of the first recording. And as you might already be able to tell, I do might already be able to tell, I do might already be able to tell, I do expect this to be functional just expect this to be functional just expect this to be functional just because Bass 44 is very consistent with because Bass 44 is very consistent with because Bass 44 is very consistent with how it gets these things done. Okay, see how it gets these things done. Okay, see how it gets these things done. Okay, see you in a second. Oh, there it is. We got a little sound Oh, there it is. We got a little sound Oh, there it is. We got a little sound notification. And let's review what we notification. And let's review what we notification. And let's review what we got here. Oh, there's an issue. I can got here. Oh, there's an issue. I can got here. Oh, there's an issue. I can just click this button, resolve with AI, just click this button, resolve with AI, just click this button, resolve with AI, and it will do it. And again, I'll just and it will do it. And again, I'll just and it will do it. And again, I'll just let this work and see where we get. Okay. And there it is. We have a first Okay. And there it is. We have a first Okay. And there it is. We have a first version of our application. So, let's version of our application. So, let's version of our application. So, let's review this. So, I see a world map with review this. So, I see a world map with review this. So, I see a world map with the various team members. That's me the various team members. That's me the various team members. That's me right there. Yep. It's 2:14 p.m. That's right there. Yep. It's 2:14 p.m. That's right there. Yep. It's 2:14 p.m. That's perfect. Then we have Daniel in the US, perfect. Then we have Daniel in the US, perfect. Then we have Daniel in the US, Michael in Poland, and Robert in Korea Michael in Poland, and Robert in Korea Michael in Poland, and Robert in Korea right here. So, this works like a charm. right here. So, this works like a charm. right here. So, this works like a charm. Could even search team members. That's Could even search team members. That's Could even search team members. That's good. Yeah, we can kind of look that up good. Yeah, we can kind of look that up good. Yeah, we can kind of look that up like this. Perfect. There's a list view. like this. Perfect. There's a list view. like this. Perfect. There's a list view. Okay, I would want to add the editing Okay, I would want to add the editing Okay, I would want to add the editing capability here. And there's this future capability here. And there's this future capability here. And there's this future time calculator here. And that seems to time calculator here. And that seems to time calculator here. And that seems to work pretty well, too. I might just want work pretty well, too. I might just want work pretty well, too. I might just want to add the world map here. But here's to add the world map here. But here's to add the world map here. But here's the best part. You might expect this to the best part. You might expect this to the best part. You might expect this to kind of work right off the bat in kind of work right off the bat in kind of work right off the bat in various applications. But the unique various applications. But the unique various applications. But the unique thing about B 44 is this. I could just thing about B 44 is this. I could just thing about B 44 is this. I could just head on over to this dashboard. And this head on over to this dashboard. And this head on over to this dashboard. And this is my default backend for the is my default backend for the is my default backend for the application. And what I've been telling application. And what I've been telling application. And what I've been telling you about before here, I could just you about before here, I could just you about before here, I could just rename it quickly. Call it the AIA rename it quickly. Call it the AIA rename it quickly. Call it the AIA Chronosync. Perfect. If I want to invite Chronosync. Perfect. If I want to invite Chronosync. Perfect. If I want to invite users, I can just copy a link or send users, I can just copy a link or send users, I can just copy a link or send invites via email like this. I can invites via email like this. I can invites via email like this. I can change the visibility and you can change the visibility and you can change the visibility and you can already see that by default it's public already see that by default it's public already see that by default it's public and it requires login which means this and it requires login which means this and it requires login which means this thing is already fully hosted for you. thing is already fully hosted for you. thing is already fully hosted for you. If you just want to go ahead and share If you just want to go ahead and share If you just want to go ahead and share this with people, I can go to share, this with people, I can go to share, this with people, I can go to share, copy this URL and in the anonymous tab copy this URL and in the anonymous tab copy this URL and in the anonymous tab you will see that this is live on the you will see that this is live on the you will see that this is live on the web already and I can just continue with web already and I can just continue with web already and I can just continue with Google and I already managed to log in. Google and I already managed to log in. Google and I already managed to log in. Just as a reminder, all I did is just Just as a reminder, all I did is just Just as a reminder, all I did is just send the prompt and hit fix with AI once send the prompt and hit fix with AI once send the prompt and hit fix with AI once and we're at this stage already. That's and we're at this stage already. That's and we're at this stage already. That's amazing. If I go to users, you can amazing. If I go to users, you can amazing. If I go to users, you can already see the first account in here. already see the first account in here. already see the first account in here. If I wanted to change anything in the If I wanted to change anything in the If I wanted to change anything in the database, no need to use some external database, no need to use some external database, no need to use some external application or learn something new. Just application or learn something new. Just application or learn something new. Just if I travel out of Portugal, I could if I travel out of Portugal, I could if I travel out of Portugal, I could change it in here as an admin. Preset change it in here as an admin. Preset change it in here as an admin. Preset analytics are right here. If I want to analytics are right here. If I want to analytics are right here. If I want to host it on my own domain or buy one, I host it on my own domain or buy one, I host it on my own domain or buy one, I could do that here. And this security could do that here. And this security could do that here. And this security tab is something that is just not tab is something that is just not tab is something that is just not present in most of these. And although present in most of these. And although present in most of these. And although this might not get you enterprisegrade this might not get you enterprisegrade this might not get you enterprisegrade security, it checks for the most common security, it checks for the most common security, it checks for the most common pitfalls. Like recently there was a big pitfalls. Like recently there was a big pitfalls. Like recently there was a big leak of a vibe coded app where they leak of a vibe coded app where they leak of a vibe coded app where they shared some of their secrets publicly shared some of their secrets publicly shared some of their secrets publicly and this will check for it and this will check for it and this will check for it automatically. You can start a scan like automatically. You can start a scan like automatically. You can start a scan like this and then it makes a recommendation this and then it makes a recommendation this and then it makes a recommendation to restrict the writing access for admin to restrict the writing access for admin to restrict the writing access for admin users only and with the click of a users only and with the click of a users only and with the click of a button it will apply those fixes and button it will apply those fixes and button it will apply those fixes and there you go the security scan is there you go the security scan is there you go the security scan is complete. If you want to get granular complete. If you want to get granular complete. If you want to get granular you get all the code in here and there's you get all the code in here and there's you get all the code in here and there's even an agents feature or API that is even an agents feature or API that is even an agents feature or API that is automatically hosted from which you automatically hosted from which you automatically hosted from which you could access this application from could access this application from could access this application from within other apps. We'll talk about this within other apps. We'll talk about this within other apps. We'll talk about this agents feature in a second here. But agents feature in a second here. But agents feature in a second here. But before I do that, I just want to before I do that, I just want to before I do that, I just want to highlight that you could take all of highlight that you could take all of highlight that you could take all of this and just export it as a zip file this and just export it as a zip file this and just export it as a zip file and then host it yourself, edit it and then host it yourself, edit it and then host it yourself, edit it further if you decide to do so. But if further if you decide to do so. But if further if you decide to do so. But if you just want to get things done, this you just want to get things done, this you just want to get things done, this is incredible. So, let's get back to the is incredible. So, let's get back to the is incredible. So, let's get back to the preview now that I've shown you the preview now that I've shown you the preview now that I've shown you the dashboard and let's address some issues dashboard and let's address some issues dashboard and let's address some issues here. So, I see when I log in now, the here. So, I see when I log in now, the here. So, I see when I log in now, the map only partially loads sometimes and I map only partially loads sometimes and I map only partially loads sometimes and I want you to add the nightday overlay and want you to add the nightday overlay and want you to add the nightday overlay and I could send that. Alternatively, I could send that. Alternatively, I could send that. Alternatively, there's also this visual edits thing there's also this visual edits thing there's also this visual edits thing where I could have selected the element where I could have selected the element where I could have selected the element and just edited that. But I think the and just edited that. But I think the and just edited that. But I think the wording the map makes it pretty clear wording the map makes it pretty clear wording the map makes it pretty clear which element I mean. which element I mean. which element I mean. Okay, so did it. And if something Okay, so did it. And if something Okay, so did it. And if something persists, as per usual with VIP coding persists, as per usual with VIP coding persists, as per usual with VIP coding apps, you want to give it visual apps, you want to give it visual apps, you want to give it visual context. So on a Mac with command shift context. So on a Mac with command shift context. So on a Mac with command shift 4, I screenshot this with command V. I 4, I screenshot this with command V. I 4, I screenshot this with command V. I paste it in here. Make sure to add the paste it in here. Make sure to add the paste it in here. Make sure to add the image. And this time I also select this image. And this time I also select this image. And this time I also select this element. Perfect. Fixed that. So I'll take a few Perfect. Fixed that. So I'll take a few Perfect. Fixed that. So I'll take a few minutes to add a few features here that minutes to add a few features here that minutes to add a few features here that we discussed. Then we'll review it. And we discussed. Then we'll review it. And we discussed. Then we'll review it. And to round this out, I'll show you how to to round this out, I'll show you how to to round this out, I'll show you how to integrate an AI agent into this process, integrate an AI agent into this process, integrate an AI agent into this process, which is also super simple here. See you which is also super simple here. See you which is also super simple here. See you in a sec. All right. So, after a bit of back and All right. So, after a bit of back and All right. So, after a bit of back and forth, the main thing I did here is forth, the main thing I did here is forth, the main thing I did here is reorganize the tabs. Now, I have the reorganize the tabs. Now, I have the reorganize the tabs. Now, I have the team view in a separate one, the map team view in a separate one, the map team view in a separate one, the map view over here, and the future time view over here, and the future time view over here, and the future time calculator is right below it. As this is calculator is right below it. As this is calculator is right below it. As this is the main purpose of my app, I made one the main purpose of my app, I made one the main purpose of my app, I made one customization, which is I added a customization, which is I added a customization, which is I added a profile field. So, when you're logged profile field. So, when you're logged profile field. So, when you're logged in, you can kind of self-edit your time in, you can kind of self-edit your time in, you can kind of self-edit your time zone and your city. And I added a zone and your city. And I added a zone and your city. And I added a profile picture uploads too. In this profile picture uploads too. In this profile picture uploads too. In this view, the aspect ratio could be view, the aspect ratio could be view, the aspect ratio could be different, but here on the map view, it different, but here on the map view, it different, but here on the map view, it works perfectly. So, I can see right works perfectly. So, I can see right works perfectly. So, I can see right here, this is me in Portugal. It shows here, this is me in Portugal. It shows here, this is me in Portugal. It shows the time. And the same thing goes for the time. And the same thing goes for the time. And the same thing goes for all other team members, even if they're all other team members, even if they're all other team members, even if they're in Korea. And if I want to see if in Korea. And if I want to see if in Korea. And if I want to see if another date works, I said this Friday, another date works, I said this Friday, another date works, I said this Friday, and might want to do 30 minutes past and might want to do 30 minutes past and might want to do 30 minutes past noon. And if I do that, it shows me the noon. And if I do that, it shows me the noon. And if I do that, it shows me the other maps, but the night overlay other maps, but the night overlay other maps, but the night overlay doesn't seem to work. So, I'll just doesn't seem to work. So, I'll just doesn't seem to work. So, I'll just point that out and it'll fix it. But I'm point that out and it'll fix it. But I'm point that out and it'll fix it. But I'm sure you understand that you can do that sure you understand that you can do that sure you understand that you can do that at this point in time. Okay. So, to at this point in time. Okay. So, to at this point in time. Okay. So, to round this out, I want to show you one round this out, I want to show you one round this out, I want to show you one more really powerful feature. And that's more really powerful feature. And that's more really powerful feature. And that's the fact that you can integrate AI into the fact that you can integrate AI into the fact that you can integrate AI into these apps as simply as it could be these apps as simply as it could be these apps as simply as it could be because every plan in B 44 includes because every plan in B 44 includes because every plan in B 44 includes integrations which could mean sending integrations which could mean sending integrations which could mean sending emails, sending WhatsApp messages, but emails, sending WhatsApp messages, but emails, sending WhatsApp messages, but also calls to LLMs like chat GBT cla or also calls to LLMs like chat GBT cla or also calls to LLMs like chat GBT cla or image generation and that can be image generation and that can be image generation and that can be combined with their new agents feature. combined with their new agents feature. combined with their new agents feature. So in other words, I could create this So in other words, I could create this So in other words, I could create this agent that I can talk to that has agent that I can talk to that has agent that I can talk to that has various tools that all just work. I various tools that all just work. I various tools that all just work. I don't need to set up any API keys. It's don't need to set up any API keys. It's don't need to set up any API keys. It's all connected already, which honestly is all connected already, which honestly is all connected already, which honestly is rather rare. But let me just show you rather rare. But let me just show you rather rare. But let me just show you this in practice. Here in the chat, I'll this in practice. Here in the chat, I'll this in practice. Here in the chat, I'll type in something like create an agent type in something like create an agent type in something like create an agent that allows users to change the team that allows users to change the team that allows users to change the team database and update locations. And by database and update locations. And by database and update locations. And by the way, for this to work, I need to the way, for this to work, I need to the way, for this to work, I need to have AI agents enabled here in the have AI agents enabled here in the have AI agents enabled here in the background. It's still in beta, but as background. It's still in beta, but as background. It's still in beta, but as you can see right here, it just created you can see right here, it just created you can see right here, it just created the very first team manager agent, which the very first team manager agent, which the very first team manager agent, which has access to this person database has access to this person database has access to this person database within my application. And then I could within my application. And then I could within my application. And then I could use them as an admin or I could even use them as an admin or I could even use them as an admin or I could even integrate it into the site and allow all integrate it into the site and allow all integrate it into the site and allow all my team members to use that agent to do my team members to use that agent to do my team members to use that agent to do things. and all from within the credits things. and all from within the credits things. and all from within the credits that are included on the base 44 that are included on the base 44 that are included on the base 44 account. So the agent is right here and account. So the agent is right here and account. So the agent is right here and I could look into it right now. There's I could look into it right now. There's I could look into it right now. There's a short description and this prompt and a short description and this prompt and a short description and this prompt and here in the tools you can see it has all here in the tools you can see it has all here in the tools you can see it has all the access rights to our database. So the access rights to our database. So the access rights to our database. So now I could follow up and say add the now I could follow up and say add the now I could follow up and say add the agent as a new tab in the application. agent as a new tab in the application. agent as a new tab in the application. Okay. And about 2 minutes later we have Okay. And about 2 minutes later we have Okay. And about 2 minutes later we have a new agents tab up here. So let's go a new agents tab up here. So let's go a new agents tab up here. So let's go ahead and just test this. So let's just ahead and just test this. So let's just ahead and just test this. So let's just start a new chat and say eager is in New start a new chat and say eager is in New start a new chat and say eager is in New York. It seems to have picked up the York. It seems to have picked up the York. It seems to have picked up the chats from my previous tests of this as chats from my previous tests of this as chats from my previous tests of this as I was trying this agent functionality I was trying this agent functionality I was trying this agent functionality and it says I can't find anyone named and it says I can't find anyone named and it says I can't find anyone named Eigor. So if I say list all users, it Eigor. So if I say list all users, it Eigor. So if I say list all users, it shows everybody from the database shows everybody from the database shows everybody from the database correctly and I'll just follow up by correctly and I'll just follow up by correctly and I'll just follow up by saying Eigor Pagani is now in New York. saying Eigor Pagani is now in New York. saying Eigor Pagani is now in New York. All right, now it's got the right entry All right, now it's got the right entry All right, now it's got the right entry and I'll just say yes to this suggestion and I'll just say yes to this suggestion and I'll just say yes to this suggestion as it can search the web and it does as it can search the web and it does as it can search the web and it does that and then it finds the latitude, that and then it finds the latitude, that and then it finds the latitude, longitude, country, all that from the longitude, country, all that from the longitude, country, all that from the web and after final confirmation I can web and after final confirmation I can web and after final confirmation I can update this data and now if I go to the update this data and now if I go to the update this data and now if I go to the map view, Eigor should be in New York. map view, Eigor should be in New York. map view, Eigor should be in New York. Yes, very nice. Look at that. And then Yes, very nice. Look at that. And then Yes, very nice. Look at that. And then if I want to tweak this further, I could if I want to tweak this further, I could if I want to tweak this further, I could obviously go here and for example, I obviously go here and for example, I obviously go here and for example, I could remove this block that says always could remove this block that says always could remove this block that says always confirm the change with the user before confirm the change with the user before confirm the change with the user before executing them, making it mover to use. executing them, making it mover to use. executing them, making it mover to use. And then also in here, you can kind of And then also in here, you can kind of And then also in here, you can kind of update the various tools. You can see update the various tools. You can see update the various tools. You can see that here it can access the database. that here it can access the database. that here it can access the database. And they also have this WhatsApp And they also have this WhatsApp And they also have this WhatsApp integration with more to come. But yeah, integration with more to come. But yeah, integration with more to come. But yeah, there you go. That really shows you how there you go. That really shows you how there you go. That really shows you how simple the AI integration into these simple the AI integration into these simple the AI integration into these apps are. And that's yet another thing apps are. And that's yet another thing apps are. And that's yet another thing that you would have to manage that you would have to manage that you would have to manage externally. API keys, topping up that externally. API keys, topping up that externally. API keys, topping up that account, creating separate databases for account, creating separate databases for account, creating separate databases for authentication. None of that is needed authentication. None of that is needed authentication. None of that is needed here. Base 44 really unifies everything here. Base 44 really unifies everything here. Base 44 really unifies everything into one product. And I really, really into one product. And I really, really into one product. And I really, really like that. You just get going and you like that. You just get going and you like that. You just get going and you can quickly arrive at an application can quickly arrive at an application can quickly arrive at an application like this. So this entire thing, like this. So this entire thing, like this. So this entire thing, including the AI agent, has been built including the AI agent, has been built including the AI agent, has been built in under an hour. And I think it's fair in under an hour. And I think it's fair in under an hour. And I think it's fair to call this the most intuitive AI to call this the most intuitive AI to call this the most intuitive AI builder out there. So if you want to builder out there. So if you want to builder out there. So if you want to build a custom application with AI, build a custom application with AI, build a custom application with AI, there's no simpler way to do it than there's no simpler way to do it than there's no simpler way to do it than with B 44. And I genuinely mean that. It with B 44. And I genuinely mean that. It with B 44. And I genuinely mean that. It solves all the common problems that you solves all the common problems that you solves all the common problems that you will run into. So go ahead and try today will run into. So go ahead and try today will run into. So go ahead and try today and with the code advantage 10, you can and with the code advantage 10, you can and with the code advantage 10, you can start building immediately. All right, start building immediately. All right, start building immediately. All right, that's all I got for today. My name is that's all I got for today. My name is that's all I got for today. My name is Igor and I will see you very
