Title: Gemini 3.0 Pro (Early Test)： Greatest Model Ever! Most Powerful, Cheapest, & Fastest Model Ever!
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

My last video on the Gemini 3.0 model My last video on the Gemini 3.0 model My last video on the Gemini 3.0 model being leaked caught a ton of people being leaked caught a ton of people being leaked caught a ton of people finally testing out the model, and the finally testing out the model, and the finally testing out the model, and the results y'all showed me were truly results y'all showed me were truly results y'all showed me were truly insane. But I got some major new updates insane. But I got some major new updates insane. But I got some major new updates on the release of this new Gemini 3.0 on the release of this new Gemini 3.0 on the release of this new Gemini 3.0 model, which could be coming as early as model, which could be coming as early as model, which could be coming as early as October 9th, which is tomorrow. The October 9th, which is tomorrow. The October 9th, which is tomorrow. The Google Deep team has also been dropping Google Deep team has also been dropping Google Deep team has also been dropping hints about a release that will be hints about a release that will be hints about a release that will be coming tomorrow. Prediction markets are coming tomorrow. Prediction markets are coming tomorrow. Prediction markets are also pointing for the same release date also pointing for the same release date also pointing for the same release date and internal teams like Jules have even and internal teams like Jules have even and internal teams like Jules have even leaked meetings as well as calls around leaked meetings as well as calls around leaked meetings as well as calls around the October 9th 10:00 a.m. PT time. Now, the October 9th 10:00 a.m. PT time. Now, the October 9th 10:00 a.m. PT time. Now, we have even seen live streams that have we have even seen live streams that have we have even seen live streams that have been set from Google Cloud, which will been set from Google Cloud, which will been set from Google Cloud, which will be going live exactly at 10:00 a.m. PT. be going live exactly at 10:00 a.m. PT. be going live exactly at 10:00 a.m. PT. Now, what makes this so exciting is the Now, what makes this so exciting is the Now, what makes this so exciting is the pre-esting we've seen from the Gemini pre-esting we've seen from the Gemini pre-esting we've seen from the Gemini 3.0 Pro model. It's rumored to be a 3.0 Pro model. It's rumored to be a 3.0 Pro model. It's rumored to be a state-of-the-art, and many are even state-of-the-art, and many are even state-of-the-art, and many are even calling it the best AI model ever calling it the best AI model ever calling it the best AI model ever released. Based on its performance released. Based on its performance released. Based on its performance across nearly every benchmark test on across nearly every benchmark test on across nearly every benchmark test on the ARK AGI 2 leaderboard, it lists the the ARK AGI 2 leaderboard, it lists the the ARK AGI 2 leaderboard, it lists the Gemini 3.0 thinking model all the way at Gemini 3.0 thinking model all the way at Gemini 3.0 thinking model all the way at the top, scoring an impressive result the top, scoring an impressive result the top, scoring an impressive result that surpasses every single model. And that surpasses every single model. And that surpasses every single model. And based on the generations I had showcased based on the generations I had showcased based on the generations I had showcased in my last video, as well as with my in my last video, as well as with my in my last video, as well as with my personal test, it is truly the best personal test, it is truly the best personal test, it is truly the best model ever. It can handle 100hour tasks. model ever. It can handle 100hour tasks. model ever. It can handle 100hour tasks. It can achieve parody with human experts It can achieve parody with human experts It can achieve parody with human experts on GDP Evo. And from my current test, on GDP Evo. And from my current test, on GDP Evo. And from my current test, this thing is super fast and insanely on this thing is super fast and insanely on this thing is super fast and insanely on point. But today, we're going to be point. But today, we're going to be point. But today, we're going to be actually taking a deeper dive and trying actually taking a deeper dive and trying actually taking a deeper dive and trying to showcase more examples to showcase to showcase more examples to showcase to showcase more examples to showcase this early preview of the Gemini 3.0. this early preview of the Gemini 3.0. this early preview of the Gemini 3.0. But just take a look at the quality of But just take a look at the quality of But just take a look at the quality of output. This is a web landing page for a output. This is a web landing page for a output. This is a web landing page for a random site that was created in a single random site that was created in a single random site that was created in a single shot. This is the type of quality you're shot. This is the type of quality you're shot. This is the type of quality you're going to be able to expect from this new going to be able to expect from this new going to be able to expect from this new Gemini 3.0 model, which looks like it is Gemini 3.0 model, which looks like it is Gemini 3.0 model, which looks like it is proficient in coding and it delivers proficient in coding and it delivers proficient in coding and it delivers state-of-the-art reasoning. And I know state-of-the-art reasoning. And I know state-of-the-art reasoning. And I know you may be wondering, how are people you may be wondering, how are people you may be wondering, how are people actually getting generations with the actually getting generations with the actually getting generations with the Gemini 3.0? Well, the thing is the Gemini 3.0? Well, the thing is the Gemini 3.0? Well, the thing is the Google team has been introducing a new Google team has been introducing a new Google team has been introducing a new AB testing for this model where it's a AB testing for this model where it's a AB testing for this model where it's a feature that they rolled out within feature that they rolled out within feature that they rolled out within Google AI Studio where you need to just Google AI Studio where you need to just Google AI Studio where you need to just simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. Then simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. Then simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. Then you can send in any prompt that you want you can send in any prompt that you want you can send in any prompt that you want the Gemini 3.0 to output and then you the Gemini 3.0 to output and then you the Gemini 3.0 to output and then you can just run this. But make sure you can just run this. But make sure you can just run this. But make sure you copy it cuz you have a chance that it copy it cuz you have a chance that it copy it cuz you have a chance that it might not generate with the 3.0 and it might not generate with the 3.0 and it might not generate with the 3.0 and it will just fall back and use the Gemini will just fall back and use the Gemini will just fall back and use the Gemini 2.5 Pro. But to get the generation from 2.5 Pro. But to get the generation from 2.5 Pro. But to get the generation from the 3.0, the 3.0, the 3.0, you will see two different model cards. you will see two different model cards. you will see two different model cards. You can see there's only one here. So, You can see there's only one here. So, You can see there's only one here. So, this is actually the 2.5 generating it, this is actually the 2.5 generating it, this is actually the 2.5 generating it, but you're going to need to constantly but you're going to need to constantly but you're going to need to constantly refresh and send in the same prompt over refresh and send in the same prompt over refresh and send in the same prompt over and over again. It could take and over again. It could take and over again. It could take approximately 50 times to actually get approximately 50 times to actually get approximately 50 times to actually get the result that you're looking for. But the result that you're looking for. But the result that you're looking for. But you'll see two different model cards pop you'll see two different model cards pop you'll see two different model cards pop up and that's exactly when you'll get up and that's exactly when you'll get up and that's exactly when you'll get the generation from the Gemini 3.0. And the generation from the Gemini 3.0. And the generation from the Gemini 3.0. And you can see right here, I'm constantly you can see right here, I'm constantly you can see right here, I'm constantly refreshing to get the correct refreshing to get the correct refreshing to get the correct generation. Before we get started, I generation. Before we get started, I generation. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should just want to mention that you should just want to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. You'll this is completely for free. You'll this is completely for free. You'll notice that you'll get responses from notice that you'll get responses from notice that you'll get responses from either the Gemini 3.0 Pro or the Gemini either the Gemini 3.0 Pro or the Gemini either the Gemini 3.0 Pro or the Gemini 3.0 Flash model. The Gemini 3.0 network 3.0 Flash model. The Gemini 3.0 network 3.0 Flash model. The Gemini 3.0 network code shows up as the 2HT variant and code shows up as the 2HT variant and code shows up as the 2HT variant and you'll definitely see the difference in you'll definitely see the difference in you'll definitely see the difference in the quality of output. This is likely the quality of output. This is likely the quality of output. This is likely the 3.0 Pro, but just take a look at a the 3.0 Pro, but just take a look at a the 3.0 Pro, but just take a look at a couple of frontends that was developed couple of frontends that was developed couple of frontends that was developed by this variant. It's capable of by this variant. It's capable of by this variant. It's capable of generating beautiful frontends, and it's generating beautiful frontends, and it's generating beautiful frontends, and it's seriously impressive and greatly seriously impressive and greatly seriously impressive and greatly elevates code quality, especially for elevates code quality, especially for elevates code quality, especially for front-end components compared to front-end components compared to front-end components compared to something you'd get from Sonic 4.5 or something you'd get from Sonic 4.5 or something you'd get from Sonic 4.5 or the predecessor 2.5 Pro. But now the the predecessor 2.5 Pro. But now the the predecessor 2.5 Pro. But now the other variant you might see is the 5QA, other variant you might see is the 5QA, other variant you might see is the 5QA, which is likely the Gemini 3.0 Flash. which is likely the Gemini 3.0 Flash. which is likely the Gemini 3.0 Flash. And while the generations are still And while the generations are still And while the generations are still quite good, they're slightly behind the quite good, they're slightly behind the quite good, they're slightly behind the output of the 3.0 Pro. So in this demo, output of the 3.0 Pro. So in this demo, output of the 3.0 Pro. So in this demo, we're taking a look at the Gemini 3.0 we're taking a look at the Gemini 3.0 we're taking a look at the Gemini 3.0 Pro's Deep Think output, specifically on Pro's Deep Think output, specifically on Pro's Deep Think output, specifically on how it performs on creative visual how it performs on creative visual how it performs on creative visual reasoning and code generation for 3D reasoning and code generation for 3D reasoning and code generation for 3D structures. The prompt used here was to structures. The prompt used here was to structures. The prompt used here was to create a pelican on a bike with voxil create a pelican on a bike with voxil create a pelican on a bike with voxil art. And it's designed to test the art. And it's designed to test the art. And it's designed to test the model's ability to understand multimodel model's ability to understand multimodel model's ability to understand multimodel concepts and test its generation on concepts and test its generation on concepts and test its generation on voxalbased 3D code for structured voxalbased 3D code for structured voxalbased 3D code for structured output. And you can see that it was able output. And you can see that it was able output. And you can see that it was able to accurately generate it. And Voxart to accurately generate it. And Voxart to accurately generate it. And Voxart did a great job with spatial reasoning. did a great job with spatial reasoning. did a great job with spatial reasoning. The code generation was quite accurate, The code generation was quite accurate, The code generation was quite accurate, especially with vauil style or pixel especially with vauil style or pixel especially with vauil style or pixel grid based designs. The concept grid based designs. The concept grid based designs. The concept composition looks perfect. And you can composition looks perfect. And you can composition looks perfect. And you can see there's also an aesthetic balance in see there's also an aesthetic balance in see there's also an aesthetic balance in terms of what it did with the bridge as terms of what it did with the bridge as terms of what it did with the bridge as well as the water. This overall shows well as the water. This overall shows well as the water. This overall shows how impressive this model is in terms of how impressive this model is in terms of how impressive this model is in terms of its coding ability with creative its coding ability with creative its coding ability with creative interpretation and something only top interpretation and something only top interpretation and something only top tier models are capable of pulling off. tier models are capable of pulling off. tier models are capable of pulling off. This is a demo of the exoplanet core This is a demo of the exoplanet core This is a demo of the exoplanet core visualization and this was fully visualization and this was fully visualization and this was fully generated in a single shot with the generated in a single shot with the generated in a single shot with the Gemini 3.0 Pro and you can see its Gemini 3.0 Pro and you can see its Gemini 3.0 Pro and you can see its ability to generate complex scientific ability to generate complex scientific ability to generate complex scientific visualizations from a text prompt. It visualizations from a text prompt. It visualizations from a text prompt. It showcases the model's strength in showcases the model's strength in showcases the model's strength in spatial reasoning and scientific spatial reasoning and scientific spatial reasoning and scientific accuracy. You can see that it's able to accuracy. You can see that it's able to accuracy. You can see that it's able to turn abstract planetary data into turn abstract planetary data into turn abstract planetary data into realistic 3D style visuals. And this is realistic 3D style visuals. And this is realistic 3D style visuals. And this is something that we've never seen with something that we've never seen with something that we've never seen with other models. This is truly the best other models. This is truly the best other models. This is truly the best Minecraft clone that I have seen that is Minecraft clone that I have seen that is Minecraft clone that I have seen that is functional and with actual capabilities. functional and with actual capabilities. functional and with actual capabilities. You can move around. You can even fly in You can move around. You can even fly in You can move around. You can even fly in creative. You can place down different creative. You can place down different creative. You can place down different blocks and you can even break it. And blocks and you can even break it. And blocks and you can even break it. And remember, this was only generated with remember, this was only generated with remember, this was only generated with Gemini AI Studio. Imagine it combined Gemini AI Studio. Imagine it combined Gemini AI Studio. Imagine it combined with a coding agent. Its capabilities with a coding agent. Its capabilities with a coding agent. Its capabilities are definitely going to be enhanced are definitely going to be enhanced are definitely going to be enhanced further. FYI, this is the dev who has further. FYI, this is the dev who has further. FYI, this is the dev who has put me on this new AB testing and he is put me on this new AB testing and he is put me on this new AB testing and he is someone that I highly recommend that you someone that I highly recommend that you someone that I highly recommend that you follow as he is posting AI breakthroughs follow as he is posting AI breakthroughs follow as he is posting AI breakthroughs on a daily basis. Essentially, he had on a daily basis. Essentially, he had on a daily basis. Essentially, he had generated an Xbox controller and SVG generated an Xbox controller and SVG generated an Xbox controller and SVG code, which is super accurate to an Xbox code, which is super accurate to an Xbox code, which is super accurate to an Xbox controller, but you can see how well it controller, but you can see how well it controller, but you can see how well it is in terms of outputting SVG code in is in terms of outputting SVG code in is in terms of outputting SVG code in all fronts, from designing, symmetry, as all fronts, from designing, symmetry, as all fronts, from designing, symmetry, as well as quality. Here is the Gemini 2.5 well as quality. Here is the Gemini 2.5 well as quality. Here is the Gemini 2.5 Pro, the 2HT checkpoint, which was able Pro, the 2HT checkpoint, which was able Pro, the 2HT checkpoint, which was able to complete the solution to use Samara, to complete the solution to use Samara, to complete the solution to use Samara, the 554, the problem in just 3 minutes. the 554, the problem in just 3 minutes. the 554, the problem in just 3 minutes. the same problem that was cited in the the same problem that was cited in the the same problem that was cited in the Oxford and Cambridge paper claiming that Oxford and Cambridge paper claiming that Oxford and Cambridge paper claiming that no large language model could actually no large language model could actually no large language model could actually solve and even GBT 5 Pro reportedly took solve and even GBT 5 Pro reportedly took solve and even GBT 5 Pro reportedly took around 14 minutes to produce a full around 14 minutes to produce a full around 14 minutes to produce a full proof. So this demo is showcasing that proof. So this demo is showcasing that proof. So this demo is showcasing that it was able to have the Gemini 3.0 it was able to have the Gemini 3.0 it was able to have the Gemini 3.0 handle advanced theorem solving and handle advanced theorem solving and handle advanced theorem solving and step-by-step proofs that were previously step-by-step proofs that were previously step-by-step proofs that were previously considered unsolvable by any language considered unsolvable by any language considered unsolvable by any language model. It was able to showcase how well model. It was able to showcase how well model. It was able to showcase how well the model is with deep mathematical the model is with deep mathematical the model is with deep mathematical reasoning and symbolic logic. This one reasoning and symbolic logic. This one reasoning and symbolic logic. This one definitely boggles my mind. The dev that definitely boggles my mind. The dev that definitely boggles my mind. The dev that I was talking about had asked Gemini 3.0 I was talking about had asked Gemini 3.0 I was talking about had asked Gemini 3.0 Pro to create something around the Pro to create something around the Pro to create something around the Cardartesev scale level three Cardartesev scale level three Cardartesev scale level three civilization. Basically, it's a civilization. Basically, it's a civilization. Basically, it's a hypothetical society that can harness hypothetical society that can harness hypothetical society that can harness higher energy output of its galaxy. It's higher energy output of its galaxy. It's higher energy output of its galaxy. It's pretty cool. But the kind of prompt this pretty cool. But the kind of prompt this pretty cool. But the kind of prompt this is is going to test a model's ability is is going to test a model's ability is is going to test a model's ability for creative scientific reasoning as for creative scientific reasoning as for creative scientific reasoning as well as seeing how well it is in terms well as seeing how well it is in terms well as seeing how well it is in terms of blending astrophysics, speculative of blending astrophysics, speculative of blending astrophysics, speculative design, as well as visual imagination to design, as well as visual imagination to design, as well as visual imagination to build a consistent and futuristic build a consistent and futuristic build a consistent and futuristic concept. The generation here shown is concept. The generation here shown is concept. The generation here shown is showcasing how Gemini can go beyond showcasing how Gemini can go beyond showcasing how Gemini can go beyond simple descriptions and it actually simple descriptions and it actually simple descriptions and it actually visualizes advanced cosmic engineering, visualizes advanced cosmic engineering, visualizes advanced cosmic engineering, Dyson spheres, as well as interstellar Dyson spheres, as well as interstellar Dyson spheres, as well as interstellar scale systems with realistic physics scale systems with realistic physics scale systems with realistic physics behind them. If you like this video and behind them. If you like this video and behind them. If you like this video and would love to support the channel, you would love to support the channel, you would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel can consider donating to my channel can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. There's a lot more to this, so I more. There's a lot more to this, so I more. There's a lot more to this, so I definitely recommend you subscribe to definitely recommend you subscribe to definitely recommend you subscribe to this dev's Twitter page. Make sure you this dev's Twitter page. Make sure you this dev's Twitter page. Make sure you go ahead and take a look at whatever go ahead and take a look at whatever go ahead and take a look at whatever we're posting on the second channel cuz we're posting on the second channel cuz we're posting on the second channel cuz we're also going to be posting a couple we're also going to be posting a couple we're also going to be posting a couple of insights on this tomorrow. Hopefully of insights on this tomorrow. Hopefully of insights on this tomorrow. Hopefully it releases tomorrow in the morning, but it releases tomorrow in the morning, but it releases tomorrow in the morning, but definitely stay tuned on that because definitely stay tuned on that because definitely stay tuned on that because I'm definitely going to be posting I'm definitely going to be posting I'm definitely going to be posting another video talking more about the another video talking more about the another video talking more about the technical aspects and having it combined technical aspects and having it combined technical aspects and having it combined with a coding agent. But that's with a coding agent. But that's with a coding agent. But that's basically it guys for today's video. I basically it guys for today's video. I basically it guys for today's video. I hope you enjoyed it. I'll leave all hope you enjoyed it. I'll leave all hope you enjoyed it. I'll leave all these links in the description below so these links in the description below so these links in the description below so that you can potentially even try it that you can potentially even try it that you can potentially even try it within Google AI Studio. With that within Google AI Studio. With that within Google AI Studio. With that thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching and supporting the channel. for watching and supporting the channel. for watching and supporting the channel. Make sure you go ahead and check take a Make sure you go ahead and check take a Make sure you go ahead and check take a look at the second channel, join the look at the second channel, join the look at the second channel, join the newsletter, join our Discord, follow me newsletter, join our Discord, follow me newsletter, join our Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification guys subscribe, turn on notification guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a bell, like this video, and please take a bell, like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there's look at our previous videos cuz there's look at our previous videos cuz there's a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really positivity, and I'll see you guys really shortly. He suffers.
