Title: Gemini 3.0： Greatest Coding Model Ever! Most Powerful, Cheapest, & Fastest Model Ever! (HUGE LEAK)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

Looks like things in the AI space are Looks like things in the AI space are Looks like things in the AI space are about to get a lot more crazier as the about to get a lot more crazier as the about to get a lot more crazier as the Google Deep Mind team has been dropping Google Deep Mind team has been dropping Google Deep Mind team has been dropping hints about a potential Gemini 3.0 hints about a potential Gemini 3.0 hints about a potential Gemini 3.0 release next week. And according to release next week. And according to release next week. And according to sources that I'm tapped in with, the big sources that I'm tapped in with, the big sources that I'm tapped in with, the big date could be October 9th. Now, what date could be October 9th. Now, what date could be October 9th. Now, what makes this super exciting is the waves makes this super exciting is the waves makes this super exciting is the waves of leaks, sneak peeks, as well as of leaks, sneak peeks, as well as of leaks, sneak peeks, as well as whisperers suggested not just one, but whisperers suggested not just one, but whisperers suggested not just one, but two models. The Gemini 3.0 Flash as well two models. The Gemini 3.0 Flash as well two models. The Gemini 3.0 Flash as well as the Gemini 3.0 Note Pro. Both are as the Gemini 3.0 Note Pro. Both are as the Gemini 3.0 Note Pro. Both are rumored to be state-of-the-art and many rumored to be state-of-the-art and many rumored to be state-of-the-art and many are calling them to be the best AI are calling them to be the best AI are calling them to be the best AI models ever released. And the best part models ever released. And the best part models ever released. And the best part is you can actually access them today. is you can actually access them today. is you can actually access them today. Just take a look at this example where Just take a look at this example where Just take a look at this example where someone prompted the Gemini 3.0 Pro to someone prompted the Gemini 3.0 Pro to someone prompted the Gemini 3.0 Pro to generate a SAS landing page from generate a SAS landing page from generate a SAS landing page from scratch. And the results were insane. It scratch. And the results were insane. It scratch. And the results were insane. It pumped out nearly 2,300 lines of code in pumped out nearly 2,300 lines of code in pumped out nearly 2,300 lines of code in seconds. And it built a fullon landing seconds. And it built a fullon landing seconds. And it built a fullon landing page. and it absolutely beat Zenith in page. and it absolutely beat Zenith in page. and it absolutely beat Zenith in web designing and the output is just web designing and the output is just web designing and the output is just truly stunning cuz it looks like a real truly stunning cuz it looks like a real truly stunning cuz it looks like a real web page. Here is another example of a web page. Here is another example of a web page. Here is another example of a Twitter clone that was fully generated Twitter clone that was fully generated Twitter clone that was fully generated using the Gemini 3.0 and this is using the Gemini 3.0 and this is using the Gemini 3.0 and this is probably the best output generation of a probably the best output generation of a probably the best output generation of a Twitter clone that I have seen from a Twitter clone that I have seen from a Twitter clone that I have seen from a model. This is something that it had model. This is something that it had model. This is something that it had coded up fully on its own and you can coded up fully on its own and you can coded up fully on its own and you can see that it looks exactly like Twitter. see that it looks exactly like Twitter. see that it looks exactly like Twitter. And I know you may be wondering how are And I know you may be wondering how are And I know you may be wondering how are people actually getting generations with people actually getting generations with people actually getting generations with the Gemini 3.0. Well, the thing is the the Gemini 3.0. Well, the thing is the the Gemini 3.0. Well, the thing is the Google team has been introducing a new Google team has been introducing a new Google team has been introducing a new AB testing for this model where it's a AB testing for this model where it's a AB testing for this model where it's a feature that they rolled out within feature that they rolled out within feature that they rolled out within Google AI Studio where you need to just Google AI Studio where you need to just Google AI Studio where you need to just simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And simply select the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And this lets the user actually compare this lets the user actually compare this lets the user actually compare between model outputs if they're between model outputs if they're between model outputs if they're actually selected. So in this case you actually selected. So in this case you actually selected. So in this case you can say something like create me a SAS can say something like create me a SAS can say something like create me a SAS landing page and then you can send in landing page and then you can send in landing page and then you can send in the prompt and there is a chance that the prompt and there is a chance that the prompt and there is a chance that this particular prompt will be sent in this particular prompt will be sent in this particular prompt will be sent in to two different uh models and that is to two different uh models and that is to two different uh models and that is where you can basically visualize the AB where you can basically visualize the AB where you can basically visualize the AB testing where Google is testing the testing where Google is testing the testing where Google is testing the performance of the Gemini 3.0 0 versus performance of the Gemini 3.0 0 versus performance of the Gemini 3.0 0 versus the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And you'll get to the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And you'll get to the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And you'll get to see which model did a better job. And see which model did a better job. And see which model did a better job. And you can see right now I didn't actually you can see right now I didn't actually you can see right now I didn't actually get it. So if you are looking to get the get it. So if you are looking to get the get it. So if you are looking to get the response from the Gemini 3.0 Pro, just response from the Gemini 3.0 Pro, just response from the Gemini 3.0 Pro, just simply go ahead and keep refreshing it simply go ahead and keep refreshing it simply go ahead and keep refreshing it and sending in that same prompt to see and sending in that same prompt to see and sending in that same prompt to see if you can maybe get the AB testing that if you can maybe get the AB testing that if you can maybe get the AB testing that gets you access to the Gemini 3.0. Now, gets you access to the Gemini 3.0. Now, gets you access to the Gemini 3.0. Now, thanks to this developer on Twitter, I thanks to this developer on Twitter, I thanks to this developer on Twitter, I was able to make this video. So, I was able to make this video. So, I was able to make this video. So, I highly recommend that you give him a highly recommend that you give him a highly recommend that you give him a follow because he was able to actually follow because he was able to actually follow because he was able to actually give me some insights on this new AB give me some insights on this new AB give me some insights on this new AB testing. So, I highly recommend that you testing. So, I highly recommend that you testing. So, I highly recommend that you follow him because he's always posting a follow him because he's always posting a follow him because he's always posting a lot of insights on the new AI news that lot of insights on the new AI news that lot of insights on the new AI news that has been dropping over the past couple has been dropping over the past couple has been dropping over the past couple of months. Before we get started, I just of months. Before we get started, I just of months. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should want to mention that you should want to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. So this is where you can weekly basis. So this is where you can weekly basis. So this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So what is happening in the AI space. So what is happening in the AI space. So definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. Now this is completely for free. Now this is completely for free. Now personally I believe that Google is personally I believe that Google is personally I believe that Google is going to be winning hard with this going to be winning hard with this going to be winning hard with this release and it's because this model is release and it's because this model is release and it's because this model is insanely smart with the generations I'm insanely smart with the generations I'm insanely smart with the generations I'm about to showcase you. I'll be running about to showcase you. I'll be running about to showcase you. I'll be running more prompts in a couple of different more prompts in a couple of different more prompts in a couple of different videos as well, but this is truly insane videos as well, but this is truly insane videos as well, but this is truly insane in terms of its coding performance. I in terms of its coding performance. I in terms of its coding performance. I believe that it's going to top the ARC believe that it's going to top the ARC believe that it's going to top the ARC AGI. It's going to be able to achieve AGI. It's going to be able to achieve AGI. It's going to be able to achieve parody with human experts on GDP evolves parody with human experts on GDP evolves parody with human experts on GDP evolves and it can even handle a 100h hour task and it can even handle a 100h hour task and it can even handle a 100h hour task streak with different sorts of streak with different sorts of streak with different sorts of benchmarks. Now, from my current test, benchmarks. Now, from my current test, benchmarks. Now, from my current test, this thing is super fast and insanely to this thing is super fast and insanely to this thing is super fast and insanely to the point. I honestly think it's going the point. I honestly think it's going the point. I honestly think it's going to be a beast inside Gemini CLI for to be a beast inside Gemini CLI for to be a beast inside Gemini CLI for rapid efficient coding. And this is just rapid efficient coding. And this is just rapid efficient coding. And this is just speculation, but I believe we might see speculation, but I believe we might see speculation, but I believe we might see this new Gemini 3.0 model having a 2 this new Gemini 3.0 model having a 2 this new Gemini 3.0 model having a 2 million context window. But this is a million context window. But this is a million context window. But this is a thread of different videos that I'll be thread of different videos that I'll be thread of different videos that I'll be showcasing and highlighting which showcasing and highlighting which showcasing and highlighting which showcases its creativity, world showcases its creativity, world showcases its creativity, world knowledge, coding skill, and scientific knowledge, coding skill, and scientific knowledge, coding skill, and scientific reasoning. Here is where someone had reasoning. Here is where someone had reasoning. Here is where someone had actually built a solar system simulation actually built a solar system simulation actually built a solar system simulation where it was requested to build a where it was requested to build a where it was requested to build a real-time solar system from scratch real-time solar system from scratch real-time solar system from scratch which generated physics-based orbital which generated physics-based orbital which generated physics-based orbital mechanics scaling and interactive mechanics scaling and interactive mechanics scaling and interactive frontends to showcase all these frontends to showcase all these frontends to showcase all these visualizations. And you can see that visualizations. And you can see that visualizations. And you can see that this is something that is insanely this is something that is insanely this is something that is insanely qualitative in comparison to other qualitative in comparison to other qualitative in comparison to other models. When you prompt this exact models. When you prompt this exact models. When you prompt this exact prompt with something like the Claude prompt with something like the Claude prompt with something like the Claude 4.5, you wouldn't get this exceptional 4.5, you wouldn't get this exceptional 4.5, you wouldn't get this exceptional generation. This is the only model that generation. This is the only model that generation. This is the only model that was capable of generating this was capable of generating this was capable of generating this qualitative output with 2,000 plus lines qualitative output with 2,000 plus lines qualitative output with 2,000 plus lines of code of a working render. It's of code of a working render. It's of code of a working render. It's front-end designing skills are front-end designing skills are front-end designing skills are absolutely amazing, too, cuz you can see absolutely amazing, too, cuz you can see absolutely amazing, too, cuz you can see that it was able to create a Mac OSbased that it was able to create a Mac OSbased that it was able to create a Mac OSbased browser operator with SVG code. It also browser operator with SVG code. It also browser operator with SVG code. It also does pretty good as well. You can see does pretty good as well. You can see does pretty good as well. You can see that it created a pretty good looking that it created a pretty good looking that it created a pretty good looking Xbox and PS5 controller in SVG, which Xbox and PS5 controller in SVG, which Xbox and PS5 controller in SVG, which most models tend to actually fail at most models tend to actually fail at most models tend to actually fail at doing. So, this is what I mean by AB doing. So, this is what I mean by AB doing. So, this is what I mean by AB testing. Whenever you send in a prompt testing. Whenever you send in a prompt testing. Whenever you send in a prompt like create me a SAS landing page, like create me a SAS landing page, like create me a SAS landing page, you'll see these two different cards pop you'll see these two different cards pop you'll see these two different cards pop up. And essentially, it's testing out up. And essentially, it's testing out up. And essentially, it's testing out two different models. And one of them is two different models. And one of them is two different models. And one of them is actually the Gemini 3.0 Pro. So once it actually the Gemini 3.0 Pro. So once it actually the Gemini 3.0 Pro. So once it has finished generating, you're going to has finished generating, you're going to has finished generating, you're going to be able to actually get the code from it be able to actually get the code from it be able to actually get the code from it and you'll be able to visualize what it and you'll be able to visualize what it and you'll be able to visualize what it actually generated. Nephi, if you're actually generated. Nephi, if you're actually generated. Nephi, if you're looking to get the AB testing enabled, looking to get the AB testing enabled, looking to get the AB testing enabled, it's going to take approximately 10 to it's going to take approximately 10 to it's going to take approximately 10 to 35 prompts to actually get that. And you 35 prompts to actually get that. And you 35 prompts to actually get that. And you might not even get the Gemini 3.0 cuz in might not even get the Gemini 3.0 cuz in might not even get the Gemini 3.0 cuz in certain cases, they test other models in certain cases, they test other models in certain cases, they test other models in that particular generation. So just keep that particular generation. So just keep that particular generation. So just keep that in mind. And there we go. This is that in mind. And there we go. This is that in mind. And there we go. This is our SAS landing page that it had our SAS landing page that it had our SAS landing page that it had generated. Now, it looks absolutely generated. Now, it looks absolutely generated. Now, it looks absolutely amazing cuz it is feature-p packed with amazing cuz it is feature-p packed with amazing cuz it is feature-p packed with a lot of different things that you a lot of different things that you a lot of different things that you wouldn't see in a typical AI SAS landing wouldn't see in a typical AI SAS landing wouldn't see in a typical AI SAS landing page. This was all fully coded out with page. This was all fully coded out with page. This was all fully coded out with the Gemini 3.0. And you can see there's the Gemini 3.0. And you can see there's the Gemini 3.0. And you can see there's various components that have been added. various components that have been added. various components that have been added. There's animations, the pricing There's animations, the pricing There's animations, the pricing structure, but the formatting is one structure, but the formatting is one structure, but the formatting is one thing that it needs a bit of work on, thing that it needs a bit of work on, thing that it needs a bit of work on, which is why maybe they're testing it which is why maybe they're testing it which is why maybe they're testing it out within Google AI Studio so that they out within Google AI Studio so that they out within Google AI Studio so that they can refine it a bit further before their can refine it a bit further before their can refine it a bit further before their actual release. But overall, I'm pretty actual release. But overall, I'm pretty actual release. But overall, I'm pretty impressed with its generation for this impressed with its generation for this impressed with its generation for this SAS landing page. This was an app that I SAS landing page. This was an app that I SAS landing page. This was an app that I had generated, which is a time had generated, which is a time had generated, which is a time management app in a single shot. And to management app in a single shot. And to management app in a single shot. And to be honest, this one doesn't look too be honest, this one doesn't look too be honest, this one doesn't look too extraordinary. It looks pretty simple extraordinary. It looks pretty simple extraordinary. It looks pretty simple and something that most models can and something that most models can and something that most models can actually generate. But I guess in a actually generate. But I guess in a actually generate. But I guess in a single shot, it did a great job in single shot, it did a great job in single shot, it did a great job in generating this. If you like this video generating this. If you like this video generating this. If you like this video and would love to support the channel, and would love to support the channel, and would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel you can consider donating to my channel you can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. Overall, that's basically it, more. Overall, that's basically it, more. Overall, that's basically it, guys, for today's video on this new guys, for today's video on this new guys, for today's video on this new sneak peek on the Gemini 3.0. You can sneak peek on the Gemini 3.0. You can sneak peek on the Gemini 3.0. You can just see from this test over here, just see from this test over here, just see from this test over here, there's 23k tokens used for this there's 23k tokens used for this there's 23k tokens used for this generation. And I've been just using it generation. And I've been just using it generation. And I've been just using it constantly throughout the day to see constantly throughout the day to see constantly throughout the day to see what I can generate with the Gemini 3.0. what I can generate with the Gemini 3.0. what I can generate with the Gemini 3.0. And it's truly remarkable. Now, I highly And it's truly remarkable. Now, I highly And it's truly remarkable. Now, I highly recommend that you try this out, the AB recommend that you try this out, the AB recommend that you try this out, the AB testing method to access the Gemini 3.0, testing method to access the Gemini 3.0, testing method to access the Gemini 3.0, but obviously you will be able to access but obviously you will be able to access but obviously you will be able to access it next week, hopefully on the 9th. But it next week, hopefully on the 9th. But it next week, hopefully on the 9th. But that's basically it, guys. Thank you that's basically it, guys. Thank you that's basically it, guys. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video and got some sort enjoyed today's video and got some sort enjoyed today's video and got some sort of value. Make sure you subscribe to of value. Make sure you subscribe to of value. Make sure you subscribe to this developer who has been giving me a this developer who has been giving me a this developer who has been giving me a lot of tips on the AB testing. Make sure lot of tips on the AB testing. Make sure lot of tips on the AB testing. Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second you go ahead and subscribe to the second you go ahead and subscribe to the second channel. Join our newsletter. Join our channel. Join our newsletter. Join our channel. Join our newsletter. Join our private Discord. Follow me on Twitter. private Discord. Follow me on Twitter. private Discord. Follow me on Twitter. And lastly, make sure you guys And lastly, make sure you guys And lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there is a at our previous videos cuz there is a at our previous videos cuz there is a lot of content that you'll truly benefit lot of content that you'll truly benefit lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, thank from. But with that thought, guys, thank from. But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. I really you guys so much for watching. I really you guys so much for watching. I really really appreciate it guys if you guys really appreciate it guys if you guys really appreciate it guys if you guys can go ahead and comment what you would can go ahead and comment what you would can go ahead and comment what you would like to see in the next couple of like to see in the next couple of like to see in the next couple of videos. But that's basically it guys. videos. But that's basically it guys. videos. But that's basically it guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll Thank you so much for watching and I'll Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys fairly soon. He suffers.
