Title: GLM-4.6： New SOTA Opensource KING! Powerful, Fast, & Cheap! Really Good AT Coding! (Fully Tested)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

The AI space never seems to rest and the The AI space never seems to rest and the The AI space never seems to rest and the pace of innovation is only getting pace of innovation is only getting pace of innovation is only getting wilder. Just yesterday, we saw the wilder. Just yesterday, we saw the wilder. Just yesterday, we saw the launch of Claude 4.5 Sonnet, a frontier launch of Claude 4.5 Sonnet, a frontier launch of Claude 4.5 Sonnet, a frontier coding model, followed by glimpses of coding model, followed by glimpses of coding model, followed by glimpses of Gemini 3.0 coming out next week. And Gemini 3.0 coming out next week. And Gemini 3.0 coming out next week. And today, OpenAI just dropped Sora 2, its today, OpenAI just dropped Sora 2, its today, OpenAI just dropped Sora 2, its nextG video generation model. But nextG video generation model. But nextG video generation model. But perhaps the most exciting news for the perhaps the most exciting news for the perhaps the most exciting news for the open source community is the comeback of open source community is the comeback of open source community is the comeback of ZAI's new release of the GLM 4.6. A ZAI's new release of the GLM 4.6. A ZAI's new release of the GLM 4.6. A major upgrade from the already major upgrade from the already major upgrade from the already impressive GLM 4.5 launched just a month impressive GLM 4.5 launched just a month impressive GLM 4.5 launched just a month ago. GLM 4.6 6 is designed with a strong ago. GLM 4.6 6 is designed with a strong ago. GLM 4.6 6 is designed with a strong focus for advanced agentic workflows focus for advanced agentic workflows focus for advanced agentic workflows reasoning as well as realworld coding reasoning as well as realworld coding reasoning as well as realworld coding capabilities putting it in the direct capabilities putting it in the direct capabilities putting it in the direct competition of large players in the competition of large players in the competition of large players in the space like claude as well as open AI. space like claude as well as open AI. space like claude as well as open AI. Now the model pushes boundaries with Now the model pushes boundaries with Now the model pushes boundaries with support of 200k context exceptionally support of 200k context exceptionally support of 200k context exceptionally well in its performance on software well in its performance on software well in its performance on software development tasks and strong reasoning development tasks and strong reasoning development tasks and strong reasoning and search capabilities. But the thing and search capabilities. But the thing and search capabilities. But the thing that makes GLM 4.6 six superior is its that makes GLM 4.6 six superior is its that makes GLM 4.6 six superior is its coding performance as an open-source coding performance as an open-source coding performance as an open-source model that does really well on realworld model that does really well on realworld model that does really well on realworld tasks. But not just that, the pricing tasks. But not just that, the pricing tasks. But not just that, the pricing structure also makes this probably the structure also makes this probably the structure also makes this probably the best model to go to for software best model to go to for software best model to go to for software development tasks due to its efficiency development tasks due to its efficiency development tasks due to its efficiency and quality. But the GLM 4.6 is priced and quality. But the GLM 4.6 is priced and quality. But the GLM 4.6 is priced at 6 cents per 1 million input tokens. at 6 cents per 1 million input tokens. at 6 cents per 1 million input tokens. And with cashed input, it's listed at And with cashed input, it's listed at And with cashed input, it's listed at 11, which is pretty good. Now, the 11, which is pretty good. Now, the 11, which is pretty good. Now, the output is listed at $2.20 20 cents per 1 output is listed at $2.20 20 cents per 1 output is listed at $2.20 20 cents per 1 million output tokens and it has a 200k million output tokens and it has a 200k million output tokens and it has a 200k context window, which isn't the best, context window, which isn't the best, context window, which isn't the best, but it's pretty decent considering its but it's pretty decent considering its but it's pretty decent considering its performance. In regards to the performance. In regards to the performance. In regards to the performance, you can see that the GLM performance, you can see that the GLM performance, you can see that the GLM 4.6 was able to do quite well across 4.6 was able to do quite well across 4.6 was able to do quite well across reasoning, agents, coding, and other reasoning, agents, coding, and other reasoning, agents, coding, and other benchmarks cuz it shows clear gains over benchmarks cuz it shows clear gains over benchmarks cuz it shows clear gains over the 4.5, which just released yesterday. the 4.5, which just released yesterday. the 4.5, which just released yesterday. It outperforms open-source baselines It outperforms open-source baselines It outperforms open-source baselines like the new Deepseek version 3.2 2 and like the new Deepseek version 3.2 2 and like the new Deepseek version 3.2 2 and nears Cloud Sonnet 4, but trails Sonnet nears Cloud Sonnet 4, but trails Sonnet nears Cloud Sonnet 4, but trails Sonnet 4.5 in overall coding. Now, in certain 4.5 in overall coding. Now, in certain 4.5 in overall coding. Now, in certain cases, like in Mac as well as GPQ and cases, like in Mac as well as GPQ and cases, like in Mac as well as GPQ and live codebench, it does exceptionally live codebench, it does exceptionally live codebench, it does exceptionally well up against many of these other well up against many of these other well up against many of these other models, but in certain cases like models, but in certain cases like models, but in certain cases like Swaybench rarified as well as Terminal Swaybench rarified as well as Terminal Swaybench rarified as well as Terminal Bench and Tsquare, you can see that it's Bench and Tsquare, you can see that it's Bench and Tsquare, you can see that it's slightly behind Enthropic's new Claude slightly behind Enthropic's new Claude slightly behind Enthropic's new Claude Sonic 4.5. Before we get started, I just Sonic 4.5. Before we get started, I just Sonic 4.5. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should want to mention that you should want to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. If you're this is completely for free. If you're this is completely for free. If you're looking to get started with this model, looking to get started with this model, looking to get started with this model, it's uploaded on HuggingFace. If you had it's uploaded on HuggingFace. If you had it's uploaded on HuggingFace. If you had the requirements to host it locally, you the requirements to host it locally, you the requirements to host it locally, you can easily access it through the ZAI can easily access it through the ZAI can easily access it through the ZAI chatbot where you can simply just select chatbot where you can simply just select chatbot where you can simply just select the GLM4.6 and use it unlimitedly over the GLM4.6 and use it unlimitedly over the GLM4.6 and use it unlimitedly over here. Now, you also have the ability to here. Now, you also have the ability to here. Now, you also have the ability to access it for free using an API through access it for free using an API through access it for free using an API through kilo code. They give out free credits kilo code. They give out free credits kilo code. They give out free credits where you can easily access it through where you can easily access it through where you can easily access it through their AI agent, which is something that their AI agent, which is something that their AI agent, which is something that I would highly recommend that you do so. I would highly recommend that you do so. I would highly recommend that you do so. Now another way is through open router Now another way is through open router Now another way is through open router and this is another provider that you and this is another provider that you and this is another provider that you can use via API. So let's get started can use via API. So let's get started can use via API. So let's get started and now test this out. To access Kilo and now test this out. To access Kilo and now test this out. To access Kilo code you can head over to the extension code you can head over to the extension code you can head over to the extension store within your IDE whether that's VS store within your IDE whether that's VS store within your IDE whether that's VS code and you can search up Kilo code and code and you can search up Kilo code and code and you can search up Kilo code and then you can install it which is a free then you can install it which is a free then you can install it which is a free extension that you can work with. Now extension that you can work with. Now extension that you can work with. Now what we can do is select the new GLM4.6 what we can do is select the new GLM4.6 what we can do is select the new GLM4.6 model and you can see that it's model and you can see that it's model and you can see that it's available here and now we can use it to available here and now we can use it to available here and now we can use it to test out anything. We're going to first test out anything. We're going to first test out anything. We're going to first start off by creating a browserbased OS start off by creating a browserbased OS start off by creating a browserbased OS from scratch that is a Mac OS style. And from scratch that is a Mac OS style. And from scratch that is a Mac OS style. And essentially the reason why we're doing essentially the reason why we're doing essentially the reason why we're doing this is because we're trying to see how this is because we're trying to see how this is because we're trying to see how well this model is in terms of its well this model is in terms of its well this model is in terms of its system design and architecture skills. system design and architecture skills. system design and architecture skills. If it's capable of breaking down the If it's capable of breaking down the If it's capable of breaking down the concept of an OS and making it into concept of an OS and making it into concept of an OS and making it into modular components. We're going to see modular components. We're going to see modular components. We're going to see if it's able to code out these different if it's able to code out these different if it's able to code out these different components, uh, its front-end designing components, uh, its front-end designing components, uh, its front-end designing framework and how well it is in terms of framework and how well it is in terms of framework and how well it is in terms of reasoning. And there we go. Quite reasoning. And there we go. Quite reasoning. And there we go. Quite rapidly, Kilo Code was able to output rapidly, Kilo Code was able to output rapidly, Kilo Code was able to output this Mac OS styled browserbased OS and this Mac OS styled browserbased OS and this Mac OS styled browserbased OS and it looks absolutely amazing. Guys, this it looks absolutely amazing. Guys, this it looks absolutely amazing. Guys, this is probably the best OS I have saw any is probably the best OS I have saw any is probably the best OS I have saw any model generate. You have a file manager. model generate. You have a file manager. model generate. You have a file manager. You have the terminal. You even have a You have the terminal. You even have a You have the terminal. You even have a notes tab where you can actually have it notes tab where you can actually have it notes tab where you can actually have it write down different sorts of notes, write down different sorts of notes, write down different sorts of notes, bold it, add itallic, and a couple other bold it, add itallic, and a couple other bold it, add itallic, and a couple other features. You also have a calculator. features. You also have a calculator. features. You also have a calculator. And this is something that mimics the And this is something that mimics the And this is something that mimics the brow the Mac OS uh style, which is brow the Mac OS uh style, which is brow the Mac OS uh style, which is absolutely amazing. But all these absolutely amazing. But all these absolutely amazing. But all these components were fully generated in a components were fully generated in a components were fully generated in a single shot. And this is probably the single shot. And this is probably the single shot. And this is probably the best browser based OS that I had best browser based OS that I had best browser based OS that I had generated with any sort of model. generated with any sort of model. generated with any sort of model. Heading over to the GLM chatbot. This is Heading over to the GLM chatbot. This is Heading over to the GLM chatbot. This is where we're going to select the 4.6 where we're going to select the 4.6 where we're going to select the 4.6 model. And then we're going to have it model. And then we're going to have it model. And then we're going to have it enable the creation of AI slides. And enable the creation of AI slides. And enable the creation of AI slides. And now we're going to actually have it now we're going to actually have it now we're going to actually have it create a slide deck on my channel, World create a slide deck on my channel, World create a slide deck on my channel, World of AI. I simply just provided the URL as of AI. I simply just provided the URL as of AI. I simply just provided the URL as well as the description of my channel. well as the description of my channel. well as the description of my channel. and we're going to see what this model and we're going to see what this model and we're going to see what this model is capable of generating in terms of the is capable of generating in terms of the is capable of generating in terms of the slide deck. So let's see what it slide deck. So let's see what it slide deck. So let's see what it actually does. It has a capability of actually does. It has a capability of actually does. It has a capability of using web search and it is something using web search and it is something using web search and it is something that does really well with tool usage. that does really well with tool usage. that does really well with tool usage. What I really like about this model is What I really like about this model is What I really like about this model is that it thoroughly reasons with that it thoroughly reasons with that it thoroughly reasons with individual subtasks that the agents individual subtasks that the agents individual subtasks that the agents develop. Usually what happens is when a develop. Usually what happens is when a develop. Usually what happens is when a model generates a to-do list or any sort model generates a to-do list or any sort model generates a to-do list or any sort of plan, it is something that a couple of plan, it is something that a couple of plan, it is something that a couple of agents actually thoroughly analyze. of agents actually thoroughly analyze. of agents actually thoroughly analyze. But in this case, this is where it But in this case, this is where it But in this case, this is where it reasons with each individual subtask, reasons with each individual subtask, reasons with each individual subtask, which is quite impressive. And in terms which is quite impressive. And in terms which is quite impressive. And in terms of its code speed, it is pretty of its code speed, it is pretty of its code speed, it is pretty impressive. You can see that it is impressive. You can see that it is impressive. You can see that it is working on coding out all the individual working on coding out all the individual working on coding out all the individual slides right now. There we go. It looks slides right now. There we go. It looks slides right now. There we go. It looks like it has finished generating our like it has finished generating our like it has finished generating our slide deck on our channel and it was slide deck on our channel and it was slide deck on our channel and it was able to extract all the contents by able to extract all the contents by able to extract all the contents by scraping the web page of our channel scraping the web page of our channel scraping the web page of our channel where I was able to get the contents where I was able to get the contents where I was able to get the contents like our subscriber list as well as our like our subscriber list as well as our like our subscriber list as well as our total views as well as the videos. Now total views as well as the videos. Now total views as well as the videos. Now we have a slide deck that represents the we have a slide deck that represents the we have a slide deck that represents the content information. So it looks like it content information. So it looks like it content information. So it looks like it did a great job in generating the did a great job in generating the did a great job in generating the overall format of it. Talks about the overall format of it. Talks about the overall format of it. Talks about the channel overview, content focus, talks channel overview, content focus, talks channel overview, content focus, talks about AI coding agents, and it talks about AI coding agents, and it talks about AI coding agents, and it talks about a couple other things. So I really about a couple other things. So I really about a couple other things. So I really like how it did a great job in scraping like how it did a great job in scraping like how it did a great job in scraping the contents. But overall, I would give the contents. But overall, I would give the contents. But overall, I would give it an 8 out of 10 in terms of its it an 8 out of 10 in terms of its it an 8 out of 10 in terms of its creativity and thoroughly actually creativity and thoroughly actually creativity and thoroughly actually generating all the contents of a slide generating all the contents of a slide generating all the contents of a slide deck. Next up, I'm going to have Kilo deck. Next up, I'm going to have Kilo deck. Next up, I'm going to have Kilo Code work on this task of creating a SAS Code work on this task of creating a SAS Code work on this task of creating a SAS landing page. This is essentially a landing page. This is essentially a landing page. This is essentially a prompt that I would send in to test how prompt that I would send in to test how prompt that I would send in to test how well the model is in terms of its well the model is in terms of its well the model is in terms of its front-end UX capabilities, how well it front-end UX capabilities, how well it front-end UX capabilities, how well it is in terms of generating all the is in terms of generating all the is in terms of generating all the components. But one thing I noticed is components. But one thing I noticed is components. But one thing I noticed is that say these files, that say these files, that say these files, you can see that these files are pretty you can see that these files are pretty you can see that these files are pretty lengthy. And one thing that I realized lengthy. And one thing that I realized lengthy. And one thing that I realized is that it's able to code out all of the is that it's able to code out all of the is that it's able to code out all of the components quite rapidly with quality. components quite rapidly with quality. components quite rapidly with quality. And in terms of its pricing, it is And in terms of its pricing, it is And in terms of its pricing, it is extremely cheap in comparison to other extremely cheap in comparison to other extremely cheap in comparison to other models. But looks like it has finished models. But looks like it has finished models. But looks like it has finished generating it. So let's actually take a generating it. So let's actually take a generating it. So let's actually take a look at it. So I have just opened it up look at it. So I have just opened it up look at it. So I have just opened it up and this is the output. This is and this is the output. This is and this is the output. This is absolutely amazing guys. Typically we absolutely amazing guys. Typically we absolutely amazing guys. Typically we would see some typical AI generated SAS would see some typical AI generated SAS would see some typical AI generated SAS landing page which has similar landing page which has similar landing page which has similar components like any other model would components like any other model would components like any other model would generate. But in this case, this is generate. But in this case, this is generate. But in this case, this is something that is abstract and it's something that is abstract and it's something that is abstract and it's something that's different. It uses a something that's different. It uses a something that's different. It uses a different color scheme and in terms of different color scheme and in terms of different color scheme and in terms of the components, it looks like it did a the components, it looks like it did a the components, it looks like it did a great job. Now, you can see that there's great job. Now, you can see that there's great job. Now, you can see that there's also a couple of other things that also a couple of other things that also a couple of other things that generated different uh components like generated different uh components like generated different uh components like experience AI in action. This is experience AI in action. This is experience AI in action. This is something that's new that you wouldn't something that's new that you wouldn't something that's new that you wouldn't see typically in an AI SAS landing page. see typically in an AI SAS landing page. see typically in an AI SAS landing page. There's a pricing structure that I had There's a pricing structure that I had There's a pricing structure that I had generated, some testimonials, seamless generated, some testimonials, seamless generated, some testimonials, seamless integrations, Q&amp;A, as well as the bottom integrations, Q&amp;A, as well as the bottom integrations, Q&amp;A, as well as the bottom footer. This is something that I would footer. This is something that I would footer. This is something that I would actually deploy for my website. like the actually deploy for my website. like the actually deploy for my website. like the quality is there and it did it pretty quality is there and it did it pretty quality is there and it did it pretty quickly and with good pricing. And you quickly and with good pricing. And you quickly and with good pricing. And you can see that Kilo Code is still refining can see that Kilo Code is still refining can see that Kilo Code is still refining it. It's still working on improving it, it. It's still working on improving it, it. It's still working on improving it, which is why this is the perfect AI which is why this is the perfect AI which is why this is the perfect AI agent you would want to use. Next up, agent you would want to use. Next up, agent you would want to use. Next up, we're going to have the model generate we're going to have the model generate we're going to have the model generate SVG code of a butterfly. And we're SVG code of a butterfly. And we're SVG code of a butterfly. And we're trying to see how proficient it is in trying to see how proficient it is in trying to see how proficient it is in generating the SVG code as well as generating the SVG code as well as generating the SVG code as well as seeing if it's able to creatively add seeing if it's able to creatively add seeing if it's able to creatively add new features and focus on symmetry. new features and focus on symmetry. new features and focus on symmetry. Looks like we have now gotten the Looks like we have now gotten the Looks like we have now gotten the generation for our butterfly. And there generation for our butterfly. And there generation for our butterfly. And there we go. This is a pretty cool looking we go. This is a pretty cool looking we go. This is a pretty cool looking butterfly. You have eyes, an antenna, a butterfly. You have eyes, an antenna, a butterfly. You have eyes, an antenna, a body structure that has the wings body structure that has the wings body structure that has the wings attached to it. It looks pretty detailed attached to it. It looks pretty detailed attached to it. It looks pretty detailed in my opinion, and I would give this a in my opinion, and I would give this a in my opinion, and I would give this a pass. Next up, we're testing it on its pass. Next up, we're testing it on its pass. Next up, we're testing it on its mathematical and reasoning skills where mathematical and reasoning skills where mathematical and reasoning skills where I'm testing it on this prompt where I'm I'm testing it on this prompt where I'm I'm testing it on this prompt where I'm saying, "You flipped a fair coin saying, "You flipped a fair coin saying, "You flipped a fair coin repeatedly. What's the expected number repeatedly. What's the expected number repeatedly. What's the expected number of flips until the pattern heads, tails, of flips until the pattern heads, tails, of flips until the pattern heads, tails, heads is appearing for the first time?" heads is appearing for the first time?" heads is appearing for the first time?" And essentially, this is where it's And essentially, this is where it's And essentially, this is where it's going to reason on multiple solutions. going to reason on multiple solutions. going to reason on multiple solutions. And we're trying to see how well it is And we're trying to see how well it is And we're trying to see how well it is in terms of reasoning, modeling out the in terms of reasoning, modeling out the in terms of reasoning, modeling out the different sorts of outcomes. And we're different sorts of outcomes. And we're different sorts of outcomes. And we're trying to see how well it is in terms of trying to see how well it is in terms of trying to see how well it is in terms of stating the transition logic. And you stating the transition logic. And you stating the transition logic. And you can see right away it is working on this can see right away it is working on this can see right away it is working on this where it states out the different where it states out the different where it states out the different stochastic reasoning and markov modeling stochastic reasoning and markov modeling stochastic reasoning and markov modeling at the start. It is then working on at the start. It is then working on at the start. It is then working on different conditions as well as different conditions as well as different conditions as well as expectations and it comes up with the expectations and it comes up with the expectations and it comes up with the correct answer which is 10. So it would correct answer which is 10. So it would correct answer which is 10. So it would take 10 different steps to get to the take 10 different steps to get to the take 10 different steps to get to the pattern that we're looking for. And you pattern that we're looking for. And you pattern that we're looking for. And you can see that it did a pretty quick job can see that it did a pretty quick job can see that it did a pretty quick job and reasoning to get this answer. Now I and reasoning to get this answer. Now I and reasoning to get this answer. Now I know its coding capabilities are pretty know its coding capabilities are pretty know its coding capabilities are pretty impressive but in terms of its tool impressive but in terms of its tool impressive but in terms of its tool usage as well as reasoning it is way usage as well as reasoning it is way usage as well as reasoning it is way superior in that front. And you can see superior in that front. And you can see superior in that front. And you can see that with the generations that I'm that with the generations that I'm that with the generations that I'm showcasing here. This is where it was showcasing here. This is where it was showcasing here. This is where it was able to properly and thoroughly generate able to properly and thoroughly generate able to properly and thoroughly generate a research on a prompt that sent in. And a research on a prompt that sent in. And a research on a prompt that sent in. And it did a great job in searching and it did a great job in searching and it did a great job in searching and scouring the web for different sources. scouring the web for different sources. scouring the web for different sources. And it did a great job in compiling it And it did a great job in compiling it And it did a great job in compiling it and generating the deep research. If you and generating the deep research. If you and generating the deep research. If you like this video and would love to like this video and would love to like this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's basically it, guys, for today's video on basically it, guys, for today's video on basically it, guys, for today's video on the GLM 4.6. Here's my two cents. This the GLM 4.6. Here's my two cents. This the GLM 4.6. Here's my two cents. This is a perfect open-source model for is a perfect open-source model for is a perfect open-source model for coding. It's costefficient and it's coding. It's costefficient and it's coding. It's costefficient and it's qualitative. It's not the best in terms qualitative. It's not the best in terms qualitative. It's not the best in terms of its context, but overall its coding of its context, but overall its coding of its context, but overall its coding performance is pretty impressive. It has performance is pretty impressive. It has performance is pretty impressive. It has advanced reasoning built within and they advanced reasoning built within and they advanced reasoning built within and they exhibit different sorts of tool usage as exhibit different sorts of tool usage as exhibit different sorts of tool usage as well as integrations that makes it more well as integrations that makes it more well as integrations that makes it more powerful than ever before. In my powerful than ever before. In my powerful than ever before. In my opinion, I would use this as a opinion, I would use this as a opinion, I would use this as a costefficient coding model that you can costefficient coding model that you can costefficient coding model that you can use locally if you have the compute or use locally if you have the compute or use locally if you have the compute or you can even use it through API cuz it's you can even use it through API cuz it's you can even use it through API cuz it's pretty cheap. But that's basically it pretty cheap. But that's basically it pretty cheap. But that's basically it guys for today's video on the GLM 4.6. guys for today's video on the GLM 4.6. guys for today's video on the GLM 4.6. Let me know what you guys think. I'll Let me know what you guys think. I'll Let me know what you guys think. I'll leave all these links in the leave all these links in the leave all these links in the description. Make sure you go ahead and description. Make sure you go ahead and description. Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second channel. Join subscribe to the second channel. Join subscribe to the second channel. Join the newsletter, join our private the newsletter, join our private the newsletter, join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on the notification bell, like this turn on the notification bell, like this turn on the notification bell, like this video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of videos that you will truly benefit from. videos that you will truly benefit from. videos that you will truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, thank you But with that thought, guys, thank you But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. Have an guys so much for watching. Have an guys so much for watching. Have an amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. This falls.
