Title: The Future of AI and SaaS is Agentic Experiences (Here's How to Build Them)
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

I've got something really exciting that I've got something really exciting that I've got something really exciting that I've been exploring recently that I want I've been exploring recently that I want I've been exploring recently that I want to share with you. It's all about to share with you. It's all about to share with you. It's all about creating aic experiences with something creating aic experiences with something creating aic experiences with something called AGUI. Now, let me set the stage called AGUI. Now, let me set the stage called AGUI. Now, let me set the stage for you a bit first. There's a good for you a bit first. There's a good for you a bit first. There's a good chance that you're stuck on the idea chance that you're stuck on the idea chance that you're stuck on the idea that we need to be building apps or SAS that we need to be building apps or SAS that we need to be building apps or SAS platforms around our AI agents. But that platforms around our AI agents. But that platforms around our AI agents. But that isn't where the future is headed. The isn't where the future is headed. The isn't where the future is headed. The real shift is embedding agents into our real shift is embedding agents into our real shift is embedding agents into our applications so they become a natural applications so they become a natural applications so they become a natural part of the product experience. And it part of the product experience. And it part of the product experience. And it seems natural, right? I mean, when the seems natural, right? I mean, when the seems natural, right? I mean, when the AI height bubble bursts, the products AI height bubble bursts, the products AI height bubble bursts, the products that are going to be left over are that are going to be left over are that are going to be left over are generally not going to be the ones generally not going to be the ones generally not going to be the ones competing as agents, but instead the competing as agents, but instead the competing as agents, but instead the ones that deeply integrate AI agents ones that deeply integrate AI agents ones that deeply integrate AI agents into a product that delivers its own into a product that delivers its own into a product that delivers its own unique value. That's what I mean by unique value. That's what I mean by unique value. That's what I mean by agentic experiences and the future of agentic experiences and the future of agentic experiences and the future of SAS because these platforms are the ones SAS because these platforms are the ones SAS because these platforms are the ones that are not going to be wiped out as that are not going to be wiped out as that are not going to be wiped out as our more general agents like chat GP and our more general agents like chat GP and our more general agents like chat GP and operator get more powerful and make the operator get more powerful and make the operator get more powerful and make the more niche agents just simply more niche agents just simply more niche agents just simply irrelevant. So right now I'll introduce irrelevant. So right now I'll introduce irrelevant. So right now I'll introduce you to how to build these kinds of you to how to build these kinds of you to how to build these kinds of agentic experiences which are not agentic experiences which are not agentic experiences which are not trivial by the way generally a lot trivial by the way generally a lot trivial by the way generally a lot harder than building isolated chat bots. harder than building isolated chat bots. harder than building isolated chat bots. But luckily I have the tech stack for But luckily I have the tech stack for But luckily I have the tech stack for you to make it simple. So, I'll you to make it simple. So, I'll you to make it simple. So, I'll introduce you to that, get into some introduce you to that, get into some introduce you to that, get into some demos and really important principles, demos and really important principles, demos and really important principles, and then we'll build together. I'll even and then we'll build together. I'll even and then we'll build together. I'll even take an agent that I've created take an agent that I've created take an agent that I've created previously on my channel and create a previously on my channel and create a previously on my channel and create a full application around it. So, the full application around it. So, the full application around it. So, the primary part of our tech stack here is a primary part of our tech stack here is a primary part of our tech stack here is a protocol developed by the C-pilot Kit protocol developed by the C-pilot Kit protocol developed by the C-pilot Kit team called AGUI. I covered it on my team called AGUI. I covered it on my team called AGUI. I covered it on my channel around when it first came out. channel around when it first came out. channel around when it first came out. Super powerful stuff. Now, the big Super powerful stuff. Now, the big Super powerful stuff. Now, the big question is, what does this actually do question is, what does this actually do question is, what does this actually do for us? Well, simply put, AGUI for us? Well, simply put, AGUI for us? Well, simply put, AGUI standardizes how front-end applications standardizes how front-end applications standardizes how front-end applications connect to AI agents. It's like MCP, but connect to AI agents. It's like MCP, but connect to AI agents. It's like MCP, but instead of connecting agents to tools, instead of connecting agents to tools, instead of connecting agents to tools, we are connecting agents to our we are connecting agents to our we are connecting agents to our applications in a standard way. It's applications in a standard way. It's applications in a standard way. It's fully open source. So, they have this fully open source. So, they have this fully open source. So, they have this GitHub repo, which I'll link to in the GitHub repo, which I'll link to in the GitHub repo, which I'll link to in the description. They have a nice diagram description. They have a nice diagram description. They have a nice diagram here that shows how it works at a high here that shows how it works at a high here that shows how it works at a high level as well. So we have AGUI kind of level as well. So we have AGUI kind of level as well. So we have AGUI kind of as a middleman here that provides a as a middleman here that provides a as a middleman here that provides a standard of communication between our standard of communication between our standard of communication between our front-end applications and our AI front-end applications and our AI front-end applications and our AI agents. And so as long as both have agents. And so as long as both have agents. And so as long as both have support for AGUI, which all of these AI support for AGUI, which all of these AI support for AGUI, which all of these AI agent frameworks do, then we have the agent frameworks do, then we have the agent frameworks do, then we have the seamless communication that makes it so seamless communication that makes it so seamless communication that makes it so we can build full applications in we can build full applications in we can build full applications in hundreds of lines of code instead of hundreds of lines of code instead of hundreds of lines of code instead of thousands and thousands. And that's what thousands and thousands. And that's what thousands and thousands. And that's what we'll see as we build together and go we'll see as we build together and go we'll see as we build together and go through some of these demos. And so we through some of these demos. And so we through some of these demos. And so we just have to pick our front-end library just have to pick our front-end library just have to pick our front-end library and our AI agent framework. And then and our AI agent framework. And then and our AI agent framework. And then AGUI takes care of a lot of things. And AGUI takes care of a lot of things. And AGUI takes care of a lot of things. And so for our front end, we're going to be so for our front end, we're going to be so for our front end, we're going to be using Copilot Kit. This is a React using Copilot Kit. This is a React using Copilot Kit. This is a React library that makes it very easy for us library that makes it very easy for us library that makes it very easy for us to build userfacing agentic to build userfacing agentic to build userfacing agentic applications. It integrates natively applications. It integrates natively applications. It integrates natively with AGUI, of course. And then out of with AGUI, of course. And then out of with AGUI, of course. And then out of all the options we have for our AI agent all the options we have for our AI agent all the options we have for our AI agent framework, you know, if you've been framework, you know, if you've been framework, you know, if you've been following my channel that paid AI is my following my channel that paid AI is my following my channel that paid AI is my favorite. And they recently added a favorite. And they recently added a favorite. And they recently added a direct firstparty integration between direct firstparty integration between direct firstparty integration between Copilot Kit and Pideantkai through AGUI. Copilot Kit and Pideantkai through AGUI. Copilot Kit and Pideantkai through AGUI. They even have an AGUI doc section in They even have an AGUI doc section in They even have an AGUI doc section in Pideant AAI. So, I'm super excited for Pideant AAI. So, I'm super excited for Pideant AAI. So, I'm super excited for this. This is actually the catalyst for this. This is actually the catalyst for this. This is actually the catalyst for me to make this video and I've been me to make this video and I've been me to make this video and I've been talking to the Copilot Kit team about talking to the Copilot Kit team about talking to the Copilot Kit team about this and actually asking for this this and actually asking for this this and actually asking for this integration. So, I'm super excited that integration. So, I'm super excited that integration. So, I'm super excited that it's finally here because now we can it's finally here because now we can it's finally here because now we can build these kinds of user interactive build these kinds of user interactive build these kinds of user interactive applications with Pyantic AI agents applications with Pyantic AI agents applications with Pyantic AI agents under the hood driving the whole thing. under the hood driving the whole thing. under the hood driving the whole thing. And these are the demos that they have And these are the demos that they have And these are the demos that they have for us that I was talking about earlier. for us that I was talking about earlier. for us that I was talking about earlier. I'll link to this in the description. I'll link to this in the description. I'll link to this in the description. It's a great resource to just explore It's a great resource to just explore It's a great resource to just explore the power of AGUI. So, they have all of the power of AGUI. So, they have all of the power of AGUI. So, they have all of these different demos that each these different demos that each these different demos that each represent something that would very much represent something that would very much represent something that would very much not be trivial to build without AGUI. not be trivial to build without AGUI. not be trivial to build without AGUI. But with AGUI, it's really easy. You can But with AGUI, it's really easy. You can But with AGUI, it's really easy. You can even see the code for both the front end even see the code for both the front end even see the code for both the front end like with copilot kit here and the back like with copilot kit here and the back like with copilot kit here and the back end like I have padantic AI selected end like I have padantic AI selected end like I have padantic AI selected here but you can even just select any AI here but you can even just select any AI here but you can even just select any AI agent framework you want and it'll agent framework you want and it'll agent framework you want and it'll immediately drop that in in the back end immediately drop that in in the back end immediately drop that in in the back end and then we have to change nothing in and then we have to change nothing in and then we have to change nothing in the front end that's what agui gives us the front end that's what agui gives us the front end that's what agui gives us that standard communication so we can that standard communication so we can that standard communication so we can move from langraph to eggno or eggno to move from langraph to eggno or eggno to move from langraph to eggno or eggno to panty and our front end app doesn't have panty and our front end app doesn't have panty and our front end app doesn't have to change at all so let's actually see to change at all so let's actually see to change at all so let's actually see this in action like I want you to see this in action like I want you to see this in action like I want you to see how this really does unlock a entic how this really does unlock a entic how this really does unlock a entic experiences for us. Like in this example experiences for us. Like in this example experiences for us. Like in this example right here, it is a recipe builder and right here, it is a recipe builder and right here, it is a recipe builder and there's a state sync between our front there's a state sync between our front there's a state sync between our front end and our backend thanks to AGUI. So end and our backend thanks to AGUI. So end and our backend thanks to AGUI. So like for example, I can add an like for example, I can add an like for example, I can add an ingredient here and I can say I'm adding ingredient here and I can say I'm adding ingredient here and I can say I'm adding in beef, one pound of beef. And then I in beef, one pound of beef. And then I in beef, one pound of beef. And then I can ask my agent, what are my can ask my agent, what are my can ask my agent, what are my ingredients? And it's going to ingredients? And it's going to ingredients? And it's going to immediately recognize the changes that I immediately recognize the changes that I immediately recognize the changes that I made in the front end here because we made in the front end here because we made in the front end here because we have that two-way sync. There we go. We have that two-way sync. There we go. We have that two-way sync. There we go. We got our ingredients. And then I can do got our ingredients. And then I can do got our ingredients. And then I can do the other way around. And I can say I the other way around. And I can say I the other way around. And I can say I want to make a recipe with a lot of want to make a recipe with a lot of want to make a recipe with a lot of beef. All right. So now instead of beef. All right. So now instead of beef. All right. So now instead of syncing the front end to the the backend syncing the front end to the the backend syncing the front end to the the backend agent, it's now the agent that's going agent, it's now the agent that's going agent, it's now the agent that's going to be updating our front end here. So to be updating our front end here. So to be updating our front end here. So it's creating the recipe and boom, it it's creating the recipe and boom, it it's creating the recipe and boom, it renders out everything in a very renders out everything in a very renders out everything in a very beautiful way in the front end. So we beautiful way in the front end. So we beautiful way in the front end. So we have our typical chat application on the have our typical chat application on the have our typical chat application on the right hand side, but then it's deeply right hand side, but then it's deeply right hand side, but then it's deeply integrated into the rest of the integrated into the rest of the integrated into the rest of the components of our front end. That's what components of our front end. That's what components of our front end. That's what I mean by aentic experiences. Really, I mean by aentic experiences. Really, I mean by aentic experiences. Really, really nice. We have our instructions really nice. We have our instructions really nice. We have our instructions here. We can actually improve it with AI here. We can actually improve it with AI here. We can actually improve it with AI as well. We have our list of ingredients as well. We have our list of ingredients as well. We have our list of ingredients and I can continue to collaborate with and I can continue to collaborate with and I can continue to collaborate with the agent here making changes back and the agent here making changes back and the agent here making changes back and forth to make my perfect recipe. And forth to make my perfect recipe. And forth to make my perfect recipe. And obviously it's just a very simple obviously it's just a very simple obviously it's just a very simple example here. But yeah, definitely play example here. But yeah, definitely play example here. But yeah, definitely play around with these different things like around with these different things like around with these different things like human in the loop collaborating with our human in the loop collaborating with our human in the loop collaborating with our agent toolbased generative UI. So we can agent toolbased generative UI. So we can agent toolbased generative UI. So we can actually build tools in our front end actually build tools in our front end actually build tools in our front end that we give into our AI agent that we give into our AI agent that we give into our AI agent dynamically. There's so many powerful dynamically. There's so many powerful dynamically. There's so many powerful things here. And like I said, we can things here. And like I said, we can things here. And like I said, we can view the code. So we can see exactly how view the code. So we can see exactly how view the code. So we can see exactly how the front end was built with Copilot Kit the front end was built with Copilot Kit the front end was built with Copilot Kit and how the back end was built with the and how the back end was built with the and how the back end was built with the Pantic AI agent. All right, so now that Pantic AI agent. All right, so now that Pantic AI agent. All right, so now that you know how AGUI works and what it you know how AGUI works and what it you know how AGUI works and what it really gives us, let's get into actually really gives us, let's get into actually really gives us, let's get into actually building with it. So the easiest way to building with it. So the easiest way to building with it. So the easiest way to get started with building these Aente get started with building these Aente get started with building these Aente experiences with AGUI is to follow this experiences with AGUI is to follow this experiences with AGUI is to follow this quick start, which I'll link to in the quick start, which I'll link to in the quick start, which I'll link to in the description. And so this is the copilot description. And so this is the copilot description. And so this is the copilot kit documentation and they have an kit documentation and they have an kit documentation and they have an entire section for working with entire section for working with entire section for working with paidantic AI specifically and they do paidantic AI specifically and they do paidantic AI specifically and they do that for all of their integrations. It's that for all of their integrations. It's that for all of their integrations. It's really really cool. And so to get really really cool. And so to get really really cool. And so to get started we just have to have mpm started we just have to have mpm started we just have to have mpm installed on our machine and we can copy installed on our machine and we can copy installed on our machine and we can copy this command here. So I'll actually go this command here. So I'll actually go this command here. So I'll actually go into my terminal and let's walk through into my terminal and let's walk through into my terminal and let's walk through this really quickly. So, it's going to this really quickly. So, it's going to this really quickly. So, it's going to set up a new project for us using set up a new project for us using set up a new project for us using Copilot Kit as the front end. And then Copilot Kit as the front end. And then Copilot Kit as the front end. And then we're using AGUI here. And we can select we're using AGUI here. And we can select we're using AGUI here. And we can select our agent framework. And so, I'll just our agent framework. And so, I'll just our agent framework. And so, I'll just say test here because I have something say test here because I have something say test here because I have something else set up already that I'll demo for else set up already that I'll demo for else set up already that I'll demo for you. And there we go. We can select our you. And there we go. We can select our you. And there we go. We can select our framework. Like I can say I want to use framework. Like I can say I want to use framework. Like I can say I want to use Pinantic AI. There we go. And so, it's Pinantic AI. There we go. And so, it's Pinantic AI. There we go. And so, it's going to open up your browser for going to open up your browser for going to open up your browser for authentication because there is a cloud authentication because there is a cloud authentication because there is a cloud version of Copilot Kit. We don't version of Copilot Kit. We don't version of Copilot Kit. We don't actually have to pay for anything actually have to pay for anything actually have to pay for anything though. Um, and so we can just get though. Um, and so we can just get though. Um, and so we can just get through this and authenticate and then through this and authenticate and then through this and authenticate and then I'll come back once I have this done. I'll come back once I have this done. I'll come back once I have this done. Okay, there we go. So, I'm signed in. It Okay, there we go. So, I'm signed in. It Okay, there we go. So, I'm signed in. It creates a Copilot kit cloud API key as creates a Copilot kit cloud API key as creates a Copilot kit cloud API key as well if you want to host with them. You well if you want to host with them. You well if you want to host with them. You don't have to though. And so, for don't have to though. And so, for don't have to though. And so, for demonstration purposes, we're not going demonstration purposes, we're not going demonstration purposes, we're not going to be doing anything with that right to be doing anything with that right to be doing anything with that right now, but yeah, they even give us some now, but yeah, they even give us some now, but yeah, they even give us some documentation here. And so, we can open documentation here. And so, we can open documentation here. And so, we can open this new folder that was created for us. this new folder that was created for us. this new folder that was created for us. And so, I have it open right now. And And so, I have it open right now. And And so, I have it open right now. And then there's a readme here that walks then there's a readme here that walks then there's a readme here that walks you through the quick start. to how you you through the quick start. to how you you through the quick start. to how you can get things set up in both the front can get things set up in both the front can get things set up in both the front end and the back end. And it's literally end and the back end. And it's literally end and the back end. And it's literally just a couple of commands. Like it's so just a couple of commands. Like it's so just a couple of commands. Like it's so easy to get this up and running. And easy to get this up and running. And easy to get this up and running. And that's going to give us a quick start that's going to give us a quick start that's going to give us a quick start that's going to look kind of like the that's going to look kind of like the that's going to look kind of like the demos that we saw here. But now we have demos that we saw here. But now we have demos that we saw here. But now we have something that is running entirely something that is running entirely something that is running entirely locally. And there's a couple of locally. And there's a couple of locally. And there's a couple of different things we can try to really different things we can try to really different things we can try to really see the power of AGUI. And we can start see the power of AGUI. And we can start see the power of AGUI. And we can start to build on top of this application as to build on top of this application as to build on top of this application as well. But I'll just show you really well. But I'll just show you really well. But I'll just show you really quickly. Like for example, I can say set quickly. Like for example, I can say set quickly. Like for example, I can say set the theme to green. And so this is a the theme to green. And so this is a the theme to green. And so this is a tool that we actually build in the front tool that we actually build in the front tool that we actually build in the front end and send into our agent. So our end and send into our agent. So our end and send into our agent. So our backend agent, thanks to AGUI, doesn't backend agent, thanks to AGUI, doesn't backend agent, thanks to AGUI, doesn't even have to know that there's a tool to even have to know that there's a tool to even have to know that there's a tool to change the theme. And we just pass that change the theme. And we just pass that change the theme. And we just pass that in from the front end. I can also say in from the front end. I can also say in from the front end. I can also say write a proverb about the difficulties write a proverb about the difficulties write a proverb about the difficulties of SQL. All right. So we'll send this of SQL. All right. So we'll send this of SQL. All right. So we'll send this in. It'll make a proverb for us. And in. It'll make a proverb for us. And in. It'll make a proverb for us. And then boom, we immediately have that then boom, we immediately have that then boom, we immediately have that state sync like that other demo I was state sync like that other demo I was state sync like that other demo I was showing you where now our front end has showing you where now our front end has showing you where now our front end has this proverb here. And it's displayed this proverb here. And it's displayed this proverb here. And it's displayed and rendered out in a nice rain. I can and rendered out in a nice rain. I can and rendered out in a nice rain. I can say write another one. And so we can do say write another one. And so we can do say write another one. And so we can do another state sync here. And then I can another state sync here. And then I can another state sync here. And then I can delete one of these as well. Like I'll delete one of these as well. Like I'll delete one of these as well. Like I'll just delete this first one. And I'll say just delete this first one. And I'll say just delete this first one. And I'll say I deleted one which is left. Right? So I deleted one which is left. Right? So I deleted one which is left. Right? So we can know that the front end is also we can know that the front end is also we can know that the front end is also syncing back to the back end as well. syncing back to the back end as well. syncing back to the back end as well. And then the last thing that they have And then the last thing that they have And then the last thing that they have for the demo here. I'm just trying to for the demo here. I'm just trying to for the demo here. I'm just trying to like show you the different kinds of like show you the different kinds of like show you the different kinds of things that we can do with this front things that we can do with this front things that we can do with this front end. It's really, really neat. We can end. It's really, really neat. We can end. It's really, really neat. We can also render out components in our chat also render out components in our chat also render out components in our chat UI. So, we're not limited to just having UI. So, we're not limited to just having UI. So, we're not limited to just having a bland conversation here and then a bland conversation here and then a bland conversation here and then passing things into the rest of our app. passing things into the rest of our app. passing things into the rest of our app. We can also render out cool things here. We can also render out cool things here. We can also render out cool things here. So, I can say, uh, what is the weather So, I can say, uh, what is the weather So, I can say, uh, what is the weather in Orlando, Florida? And it's going to in Orlando, Florida? And it's going to in Orlando, Florida? And it's going to render out a really nice looking card render out a really nice looking card render out a really nice looking card here. So we can take tool calls from the here. So we can take tool calls from the here. So we can take tool calls from the back end and standardize the format like back end and standardize the format like back end and standardize the format like actually make it look like a nice actually make it look like a nice actually make it look like a nice component in our React frontend. So component in our React frontend. So component in our React frontend. So super cool. That's what we have for our super cool. That's what we have for our super cool. That's what we have for our quick demo here. But now let's actually quick demo here. But now let's actually quick demo here. But now let's actually use this as a starting point to build use this as a starting point to build use this as a starting point to build our own applications on top. Now to our own applications on top. Now to our own applications on top. Now to build on top of this application, we're build on top of this application, we're build on top of this application, we're not going to dive straight into not going to dive straight into not going to dive straight into implementation. There's one really cool implementation. There's one really cool implementation. There's one really cool thing first because the co-pilot kit thing first because the co-pilot kit thing first because the co-pilot kit team, they have built a vibe coding MCP team, they have built a vibe coding MCP team, they have built a vibe coding MCP server. Now, you know that I'm not the server. Now, you know that I'm not the server. Now, you know that I'm not the biggest fan of vibe coding. So, maybe biggest fan of vibe coding. So, maybe biggest fan of vibe coding. So, maybe this isn't the best name for what I'm this isn't the best name for what I'm this isn't the best name for what I'm about to use it for, but this is an MCP about to use it for, but this is an MCP about to use it for, but this is an MCP server that's kind of like archon for server that's kind of like archon for server that's kind of like archon for knowledge retrieval. It gives our AI knowledge retrieval. It gives our AI knowledge retrieval. It gives our AI coding assistant the ability to search coding assistant the ability to search coding assistant the ability to search through the co-pilot kit and AGUI through the co-pilot kit and AGUI through the co-pilot kit and AGUI documentation and best practices. So it documentation and best practices. So it documentation and best practices. So it becomes our expert guide on our becomes our expert guide on our becomes our expert guide on our implementation. Super cool. So if you're implementation. Super cool. So if you're implementation. Super cool. So if you're building any kind of agentic experiences building any kind of agentic experiences building any kind of agentic experiences with this tech stack, definitely use with this tech stack, definitely use with this tech stack, definitely use this MCP server. That's what I'm going this MCP server. That's what I'm going this MCP server. That's what I'm going to be using right now. And they have to be using right now. And they have to be using right now. And they have instructions here based on your AI instructions here based on your AI instructions here based on your AI coding assistant like cursor or client coding assistant like cursor or client coding assistant like cursor or client or windsurf exactly how to hook it up. or windsurf exactly how to hook it up. or windsurf exactly how to hook it up. Now they don't have instructions here Now they don't have instructions here Now they don't have instructions here for claude code specifically. Uh but for claude code specifically. Uh but for claude code specifically. Uh but I've got that for you right now. So you I've got that for you right now. So you I've got that for you right now. So you can copy this URL right here and then go can copy this URL right here and then go can copy this URL right here and then go into your editor. I have my terminal into your editor. I have my terminal into your editor. I have my terminal open here and I'll just paste the open here and I'll just paste the open here and I'll just paste the command right here. So it's claude MCP command right here. So it's claude MCP command right here. So it's claude MCP ad and then SSE is their transport and ad and then SSE is their transport and ad and then SSE is their transport and then you just can call this server then you just can call this server then you just can call this server whatever you want and then the SSSE URL whatever you want and then the SSSE URL whatever you want and then the SSSE URL is the one that we copied from the is the one that we copied from the is the one that we copied from the documentation. So I'll add that in here documentation. So I'll add that in here documentation. So I'll add that in here and then I can also do a claude MCP list and then I can also do a claude MCP list and then I can also do a claude MCP list to test the connection and so this is a to test the connection and so this is a to test the connection and so this is a remote MCP server completely free to remote MCP server completely free to remote MCP server completely free to use. Now Claude Code is able to search use. Now Claude Code is able to search use. Now Claude Code is able to search the C-pilot kit documentation. Super the C-pilot kit documentation. Super the C-pilot kit documentation. Super cool. Okay, so now armed with this MCP cool. Okay, so now armed with this MCP cool. Okay, so now armed with this MCP server, we can now build any kind of server, we can now build any kind of server, we can now build any kind of agentic experience that we want on top agentic experience that we want on top agentic experience that we want on top of this starter template. It provides a of this starter template. It provides a of this starter template. It provides a really good foundation for us. And so really good foundation for us. And so really good foundation for us. And so yeah, I'll send in a request here. I'll yeah, I'll send in a request here. I'll yeah, I'll send in a request here. I'll show you what it looks like to build on show you what it looks like to build on show you what it looks like to build on top. And then I'll even show you how far top. And then I'll even show you how far top. And then I'll even show you how far I went taking a rag AI agent that I I went taking a rag AI agent that I I went taking a rag AI agent that I built with Podantic AI on my channel built with Podantic AI on my channel built with Podantic AI on my channel previously, and I'll show you how I previously, and I'll show you how I previously, and I'll show you how I built a full application around it with built a full application around it with built a full application around it with a GUI. So, we'll get there in a second, a GUI. So, we'll get there in a second, a GUI. So, we'll get there in a second, but right now I just want to send in a but right now I just want to send in a but right now I just want to send in a simple request here. I'll and first I'll simple request here. I'll and first I'll simple request here. I'll and first I'll actually tell it to use the uh copilot actually tell it to use the uh copilot actually tell it to use the uh copilot kit MCP server to understand how to kit MCP server to understand how to kit MCP server to understand how to build this feature. And maybe I don't build this feature. And maybe I don't build this feature. And maybe I don't have to call that out explicitly, but I have to call that out explicitly, but I have to call that out explicitly, but I just want to to make sure that it just want to to make sure that it just want to to make sure that it leverages the MCP. So, what I want to do leverages the MCP. So, what I want to do leverages the MCP. So, what I want to do here, if I go within the source and here, if I go within the source and here, if I go within the source and page.tsx, page.tsx, page.tsx, one of the things we have here is the one of the things we have here is the one of the things we have here is the co-pilot kit action. This is our co-pilot kit action. This is our co-pilot kit action. This is our front-end tool that we're passing into front-end tool that we're passing into front-end tool that we're passing into our agent to give it the ability to our agent to give it the ability to our agent to give it the ability to change the theme. And so I want to add change the theme. And so I want to add change the theme. And so I want to add another tool here to do something else. another tool here to do something else. another tool here to do something else. Let's say maybe clear all the proverbs Let's say maybe clear all the proverbs Let's say maybe clear all the proverbs that we have on the front end. I think that we have on the front end. I think that we have on the front end. I think that's a good example here. So I'll say that's a good example here. So I'll say that's a good example here. So I'll say I want to make another uh front-end tool I want to make another uh front-end tool I want to make another uh front-end tool with co-pilot kit to clear the proverbs with co-pilot kit to clear the proverbs with co-pilot kit to clear the proverbs that we currently have. And so we since that we currently have. And so we since that we currently have. And so we since we have that state sync as well, the we have that state sync as well, the we have that state sync as well, the agent will immediately recognize that agent will immediately recognize that agent will immediately recognize that everything is cleared in the front end. everything is cleared in the front end. everything is cleared in the front end. And so I'm going to go ahead and send And so I'm going to go ahead and send And so I'm going to go ahead and send this in right now. And it should after this in right now. And it should after this in right now. And it should after maybe looking at some of the files we maybe looking at some of the files we maybe looking at some of the files we have in um our starter template here or have in um our starter template here or have in um our starter template here or actually yeah right away it searches the actually yeah right away it searches the actually yeah right away it searches the copilot kit docs. Take a look at that. copilot kit docs. Take a look at that. copilot kit docs. Take a look at that. Use copilot kit action custom actions Use copilot kit action custom actions Use copilot kit action custom actions front end. And we can do control O to front end. And we can do control O to front end. And we can do control O to expand and actually see the chunks or expand and actually see the chunks or expand and actually see the chunks or the snippets as they call them that were the snippets as they call them that were the snippets as they call them that were retrieved from this rag implementation. retrieved from this rag implementation. retrieved from this rag implementation. It's really, really cool. So, we're It's really, really cool. So, we're It's really, really cool. So, we're pulling in the documentation from pulling in the documentation from pulling in the documentation from C-pilot kit. That's a part of our C-pilot kit. That's a part of our C-pilot kit. That's a part of our context engineering here, giving our context engineering here, giving our context engineering here, giving our coding assistant all the information it coding assistant all the information it coding assistant all the information it needs to actually build out the needs to actually build out the needs to actually build out the implementation here. Now, this is a very implementation here. Now, this is a very implementation here. Now, this is a very simple example. And so, it could simple example. And so, it could simple example. And so, it could probably just look at what we already probably just look at what we already probably just look at what we already have for a front-end tool and then have for a front-end tool and then have for a front-end tool and then implement that as well. But I hope that implement that as well. But I hope that implement that as well. But I hope that you can see that like if we didn't have you can see that like if we didn't have you can see that like if we didn't have any front-end tools at all, it would any front-end tools at all, it would any front-end tools at all, it would have no idea how to use use copilot kit have no idea how to use use copilot kit have no idea how to use use copilot kit action. So, it would need to search action. So, it would need to search action. So, it would need to search through the documentation like we are through the documentation like we are through the documentation like we are doing here. And so, yeah, let me doing here. And so, yeah, let me doing here. And so, yeah, let me actually scroll down. Um, let me exit actually scroll down. Um, let me exit actually scroll down. Um, let me exit out of this. There we go. All right. out of this. There we go. All right. out of this. There we go. All right. Yeah, there we go. It is adding in a Yeah, there we go. It is adding in a Yeah, there we go. It is adding in a clear all proverb tool. And so, when clear all proverb tool. And so, when clear all proverb tool. And so, when this is invoked from our agent, it's this is invoked from our agent, it's this is invoked from our agent, it's going to yeah, just clear the proverbs going to yeah, just clear the proverbs going to yeah, just clear the proverbs in the state that we have and that'll in the state that we have and that'll in the state that we have and that'll immediately be synced to the backend as immediately be synced to the backend as immediately be synced to the backend as well. Looking really, really nice. So, well. Looking really, really nice. So, well. Looking really, really nice. So, cool. Yeah, I'll pause and come back cool. Yeah, I'll pause and come back cool. Yeah, I'll pause and come back once this is fully fully implemented. once this is fully fully implemented. once this is fully fully implemented. There we go. I just paused for like 20 There we go. I just paused for like 20 There we go. I just paused for like 20 seconds and then we are done. So we have seconds and then we are done. So we have seconds and then we are done. So we have that new action and then we just have that new action and then we just have that new action and then we just have the button that it added for us to be the button that it added for us to be the button that it added for us to be able to clear things right here. So able to clear things right here. So able to clear things right here. So there we go. We got our updated UI. So there we go. We got our updated UI. So there we go. We got our updated UI. So now I can say add a bunch of proverbs. now I can say add a bunch of proverbs. now I can say add a bunch of proverbs. All right. So we'll have to populate it All right. So we'll have to populate it All right. So we'll have to populate it first obviously. So the agent has first obviously. So the agent has first obviously. So the agent has generated some proverbs. There we go. We generated some proverbs. There we go. We generated some proverbs. There we go. We have Oh wow. It is adding a lot. All have Oh wow. It is adding a lot. All have Oh wow. It is adding a lot. All right. So we added a lot of proverbs right. So we added a lot of proverbs right. So we added a lot of proverbs here. And now I can clear all of them. here. And now I can clear all of them. here. And now I can clear all of them. And so I'm going to send this in. Click And so I'm going to send this in. Click And so I'm going to send this in. Click this button here. Or I could just ask it this button here. Or I could just ask it this button here. Or I could just ask it to clear the proverbs. So, well, I'm to clear the proverbs. So, well, I'm to clear the proverbs. So, well, I'm actually going to click this button actually going to click this button actually going to click this button here, clear all proverbs. Uh, there we here, clear all proverbs. Uh, there we here, clear all proverbs. Uh, there we go. And now we have that state sync. And go. And now we have that state sync. And go. And now we have that state sync. And so, I can say, what proverbs do I have? so, I can say, what proverbs do I have? so, I can say, what proverbs do I have? And it's going to say that there are And it's going to say that there are And it's going to say that there are none. There we go. It is currently none. There we go. It is currently none. There we go. It is currently empty. And I can also show you. So, I'm empty. And I can also show you. So, I'm empty. And I can also show you. So, I'm going to say add some more. I'll also going to say add some more. I'll also going to say add some more. I'll also show you that like I can have the agent show you that like I can have the agent show you that like I can have the agent clear them as well. So, it doesn't just clear them as well. So, it doesn't just clear them as well. So, it doesn't just have to be this button. So, I can say have to be this button. So, I can say have to be this button. So, I can say clear the proverbs. And so just based on clear the proverbs. And so just based on clear the proverbs. And so just based on a simple text request to our agent, we a simple text request to our agent, we a simple text request to our agent, we can do the same thing that that button can do the same thing that that button can do the same thing that that button did. And so I hope that this just helps did. And so I hope that this just helps did. And so I hope that this just helps you see how our agent is starting to you see how our agent is starting to you see how our agent is starting to interact with the website. We can build interact with the website. We can build interact with the website. We can build these agentic experiences where AI these agentic experiences where AI these agentic experiences where AI agents can actually help us navigate agents can actually help us navigate agents can actually help us navigate through a website as well. Like this is through a website as well. Like this is through a website as well. Like this is a really simple example where it a really simple example where it a really simple example where it performs an action of a button click, performs an action of a button click, performs an action of a button click, but this could be a full onboarding but this could be a full onboarding but this could be a full onboarding experience where the agent is actually experience where the agent is actually experience where the agent is actually like walking me through clicking on like walking me through clicking on like walking me through clicking on different buttons in my app depending on different buttons in my app depending on different buttons in my app depending on what I'm talking to it about. Like, oh, what I'm talking to it about. Like, oh, what I'm talking to it about. Like, oh, I have this question and then it's like, I have this question and then it's like, I have this question and then it's like, okay, well, let me click on this button okay, well, let me click on this button okay, well, let me click on this button and then highlight this section of a and then highlight this section of a and then highlight this section of a website. Like, there's just so many website. Like, there's just so many website. Like, there's just so many things that we can do with this. And so, things that we can do with this. And so, things that we can do with this. And so, that that's like the higher level that that's like the higher level that that's like the higher level principles that I wanted to be speaking principles that I wanted to be speaking principles that I wanted to be speaking to in this video. Like it's cool to like to in this video. Like it's cool to like to in this video. Like it's cool to like see AGUI and Panti specifically, but see AGUI and Panti specifically, but see AGUI and Panti specifically, but like the most important thing that I'm like the most important thing that I'm like the most important thing that I'm trying to get across here is the general trying to get across here is the general trying to get across here is the general principles of like we need a way to sync principles of like we need a way to sync principles of like we need a way to sync the state between the front end and the the state between the front end and the the state between the front end and the back end. The agent needs to know like back end. The agent needs to know like back end. The agent needs to know like where we're currently at in our front where we're currently at in our front where we're currently at in our front end. And that is what AGUI makes really end. And that is what AGUI makes really end. And that is what AGUI makes really easy for us along with the fact of easy for us along with the fact of easy for us along with the fact of course that our backend is so incredibly course that our backend is so incredibly course that our backend is so incredibly simple thanks to AGUI. Generally, you'd simple thanks to AGUI. Generally, you'd simple thanks to AGUI. Generally, you'd have to build an entire backend with API have to build an entire backend with API have to build an entire backend with API endpoints and middleware and everything. endpoints and middleware and everything. endpoints and middleware and everything. But our backend right now is literally But our backend right now is literally But our backend right now is literally just a single file. We have our just a single file. We have our just a single file. We have our agent.py. And so this is our Pantic AI agent.py. And so this is our Pantic AI agent.py. And so this is our Pantic AI agent where we have our agent defined. agent where we have our agent defined. agent where we have our agent defined. We're giving it some tools. It's going We're giving it some tools. It's going We're giving it some tools. It's going to look very similar for uh other to look very similar for uh other to look very similar for uh other frameworks as well. We have our primary frameworks as well. We have our primary frameworks as well. We have our primary system prompt. And then the only thing system prompt. And then the only thing system prompt. And then the only thing we have to do to turn this padantic AI we have to do to turn this padantic AI we have to do to turn this padantic AI agent into a fully working API endpoint agent into a fully working API endpoint agent into a fully working API endpoint compatible with AGUI and our C-pilot kit compatible with AGUI and our C-pilot kit compatible with AGUI and our C-pilot kit front end is to call this two AGUI front end is to call this two AGUI front end is to call this two AGUI function. So so easy. And so now our function. So so easy. And so now our function. So so easy. And so now our agent is running on port 8000 and it is agent is running on port 8000 and it is agent is running on port 8000 and it is good to go. And we have everything good to go. And we have everything good to go. And we have everything handled here with the state syncing and handled here with the state syncing and handled here with the state syncing and conversation history. We can even conversation history. We can even conversation history. We can even dynamically adjust the system prompt dynamically adjust the system prompt dynamically adjust the system prompt based on the front end. There's so much based on the front end. There's so much based on the front end. There's so much integration that we have here for integration that we have here for integration that we have here for literally 100 lines of code. like this literally 100 lines of code. like this literally 100 lines of code. like this is just so so easy. And so there are a is just so so easy. And so there are a is just so so easy. And so there are a lot of things that are made possible lot of things that are made possible lot of things that are made possible thanks to AGUI. Not because we couldn't thanks to AGUI. Not because we couldn't thanks to AGUI. Not because we couldn't build it without the protocol, but build it without the protocol, but build it without the protocol, but because it just makes it so easy to do because it just makes it so easy to do because it just makes it so easy to do so. And it's the same kind of thing with so. And it's the same kind of thing with so. And it's the same kind of thing with like the model context protocol. I mean, like the model context protocol. I mean, like the model context protocol. I mean, we can connect agents to any tools, but we can connect agents to any tools, but we can connect agents to any tools, but MCP just makes it very easy and MCP just makes it very easy and MCP just makes it very easy and accessible. That's what we have here. accessible. That's what we have here. accessible. That's what we have here. And like I said I would cover, I even And like I said I would cover, I even And like I said I would cover, I even went as far as to take an existing went as far as to take an existing went as far as to take an existing Pantic AI agent that I built on my Pantic AI agent that I built on my Pantic AI agent that I built on my channel previously and create a full channel previously and create a full channel previously and create a full application around it with AGUI and application around it with AGUI and application around it with AGUI and Copilot Kit. And that's what you're Copilot Kit. And that's what you're Copilot Kit. And that's what you're looking at right here. And so I'll link looking at right here. And so I'll link looking at right here. And so I'll link to the video right here where I built to the video right here where I built to the video right here where I built this rag agent. I built it with cloud this rag agent. I built it with cloud this rag agent. I built it with cloud code and a team of sub agents. And in code and a team of sub agents. And in code and a team of sub agents. And in that video we were just using the that video we were just using the that video we were just using the command line, a simple CLI tool to talk command line, a simple CLI tool to talk command line, a simple CLI tool to talk to our agent. So it was a perfect to our agent. So it was a perfect to our agent. So it was a perfect opportunity to take an existing agent opportunity to take an existing agent opportunity to take an existing agent and barely having to change the code at and barely having to change the code at and barely having to change the code at all thanks to the padantic AI and AGUI all thanks to the padantic AI and AGUI all thanks to the padantic AI and AGUI integration to build out this full app. integration to build out this full app. integration to build out this full app. And so now I can ask it a question. It's And so now I can ask it a question. It's And so now I can ask it a question. It's a rag agent. So we have this knowledge a rag agent. So we have this knowledge a rag agent. So we have this knowledge base with all this information about AI base with all this information about AI base with all this information about AI startup. So I can ask it about OpenAI's startup. So I can ask it about OpenAI's startup. So I can ask it about OpenAI's funding for example. And we'll get the funding for example. And we'll get the funding for example. And we'll get the answer on the right hand side like a answer on the right hand side like a answer on the right hand side like a normal chatbot. It's got streaming and normal chatbot. It's got streaming and normal chatbot. It's got streaming and conversation history and everything. But conversation history and everything. But conversation history and everything. But then also it takes all of the chunks then also it takes all of the chunks then also it takes all of the chunks that we returned from the knowledge base that we returned from the knowledge base that we returned from the knowledge base and it populates the front end with and it populates the front end with and it populates the front end with them. So we have this super interactive them. So we have this super interactive them. So we have this super interactive rag agent where we can actually like rag agent where we can actually like rag agent where we can actually like view the chunks that it retrieved. We view the chunks that it retrieved. We view the chunks that it retrieved. We can see the match percentage. We can can see the match percentage. We can can see the match percentage. We can click in to view the contents of the click in to view the contents of the click in to view the contents of the chunks and all the metadata like the chunks and all the metadata like the chunks and all the metadata like the document that it came from. I mean this document that it came from. I mean this document that it came from. I mean this is definitely taking a typical rag agent is definitely taking a typical rag agent is definitely taking a typical rag agent that you would have in just a chat that you would have in just a chat that you would have in just a chat interface. taking it to the next level interface. taking it to the next level interface. taking it to the next level where we can actually see under the hood where we can actually see under the hood where we can actually see under the hood what information it's using to give us what information it's using to give us what information it's using to give us the answer that we have in the chat box. the answer that we have in the chat box. the answer that we have in the chat box. So really really cool and man was it So really really cool and man was it So really really cool and man was it easy to build this out. I'll just show easy to build this out. I'll just show easy to build this out. I'll just show you the code really quickly here. I had you the code really quickly here. I had you the code really quickly here. I had to define some classes here. That's for to define some classes here. That's for to define some classes here. That's for the state sync so that the chunks that the state sync so that the chunks that the state sync so that the chunks that we have in the front end is synced with we have in the front end is synced with we have in the front end is synced with what the agent knows it's displaying. what the agent knows it's displaying. what the agent knows it's displaying. And then I defined my agent very very And then I defined my agent very very And then I defined my agent very very much the same way like I always do with much the same way like I always do with much the same way like I always do with padantic AI giving it tools as well to padantic AI giving it tools as well to padantic AI giving it tools as well to search my knowledge base both with search my knowledge base both with search my knowledge base both with semantic search and hybrid search like a semantic search and hybrid search like a semantic search and hybrid search like a keyword search. And so I'll scroll down keyword search. And so I'll scroll down keyword search. And so I'll scroll down here. We have the system prompt as well. here. We have the system prompt as well. here. We have the system prompt as well. Um this is also dynamic. So all of the Um this is also dynamic. So all of the Um this is also dynamic. So all of the chunks that we have as a part of that chunks that we have as a part of that chunks that we have as a part of that state sync through agui we're passing state sync through agui we're passing state sync through agui we're passing those in as a part of the system prompt. those in as a part of the system prompt. those in as a part of the system prompt. And then all I have to do just like our And then all I have to do just like our And then all I have to do just like our starter template is call the rag agent.2 starter template is call the rag agent.2 starter template is call the rag agent.2 to agui and now we have the full backend to agui and now we have the full backend to agui and now we have the full backend infrastructure spun up with the agent infrastructure spun up with the agent infrastructure spun up with the agent running on a port 8000. Absolutely running on a port 8000. Absolutely running on a port 8000. Absolutely beautiful. And we could swap this out beautiful. And we could swap this out beautiful. And we could swap this out for a langraph agent and not even have for a langraph agent and not even have for a langraph agent and not even have to change the front end at all. That is to change the front end at all. That is to change the front end at all. That is the beauty of AGUI. And to build all of the beauty of AGUI. And to build all of the beauty of AGUI. And to build all of this, all I did is I followed the quick this, all I did is I followed the quick this, all I did is I followed the quick start here in the copilot kit start here in the copilot kit start here in the copilot kit documentation for Pantic AI. They have documentation for Pantic AI. They have documentation for Pantic AI. They have instructions specifically for how you instructions specifically for how you instructions specifically for how you can take an existing Pantic AI agent and can take an existing Pantic AI agent and can take an existing Pantic AI agent and turn it into something that's compatible turn it into something that's compatible turn it into something that's compatible with AGUI. So I I use this as a with AGUI. So I I use this as a with AGUI. So I I use this as a reference point. And then I went into reference point. And then I went into reference point. And then I went into Cloud Code. I took that starter template Cloud Code. I took that starter template Cloud Code. I took that starter template that I already showed you building on that I already showed you building on that I already showed you building on top of, put in the code for my existing top of, put in the code for my existing top of, put in the code for my existing agent, hooked in the vibe coding MCP agent, hooked in the vibe coding MCP agent, hooked in the vibe coding MCP server and just had it go ham. So yeah, server and just had it go ham. So yeah, server and just had it go ham. So yeah, using the MCP for documentation and then using the MCP for documentation and then using the MCP for documentation and then the existing template to build on top the existing template to build on top the existing template to build on top of, I just told it exactly what I of, I just told it exactly what I of, I just told it exactly what I wanted. I want you to take the copilot wanted. I want you to take the copilot wanted. I want you to take the copilot kit application, make it work with this kit application, make it work with this kit application, make it work with this rag agent so I can actually see the rag agent so I can actually see the rag agent so I can actually see the chunks and all the metadata and it chunks and all the metadata and it chunks and all the metadata and it knocked it out of the park. It was so knocked it out of the park. It was so knocked it out of the park. It was so easy to build this out. So there you easy to build this out. So there you easy to build this out. So there you have it. That is everything you need to have it. That is everything you need to have it. That is everything you need to know to get started building agentic know to get started building agentic know to get started building agentic experiences with AGUI. Now here's the experiences with AGUI. Now here's the experiences with AGUI. Now here's the thing. Pyantic AI, AGUI, Copilot Kit, thing. Pyantic AI, AGUI, Copilot Kit, thing. Pyantic AI, AGUI, Copilot Kit, these are just tools to get the job these are just tools to get the job these are just tools to get the job done. The higher level principles are done. The higher level principles are done. The higher level principles are what I really want you to focus on. what I really want you to focus on. what I really want you to focus on. things that I covered here like human in things that I covered here like human in things that I covered here like human in the loop and front-end tools and state the loop and front-end tools and state the loop and front-end tools and state syncing. That's what you really need to syncing. That's what you really need to syncing. That's what you really need to make these agentic experiences. AGUI is make these agentic experiences. AGUI is make these agentic experiences. AGUI is just the protocol to standardize things just the protocol to standardize things just the protocol to standardize things and make it that much easier to build and make it that much easier to build and make it that much easier to build out this kind of application. Like I out this kind of application. Like I out this kind of application. Like I literally built this out in like a half literally built this out in like a half literally built this out in like a half hour after I brought in my existing hour after I brought in my existing hour after I brought in my existing agent. It was so easy to do this with agent. It was so easy to do this with agent. It was so easy to do this with the help of an AI coding assistant. So the help of an AI coding assistant. So the help of an AI coding assistant. So there you go. If you appreciated this there you go. If you appreciated this there you go. If you appreciated this video and you're looking forward to more video and you're looking forward to more video and you're looking forward to more things AI agents and AI coding, I would things AI agents and AI coding, I would things AI agents and AI coding, I would really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a subscribe.
