Title: This New Protocol Will Change AI Coding Forever (ACP)
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

The future of AI coding is here and my The future of AI coding is here and my The future of AI coding is here and my friend, I mean that most sincerely. Zed friend, I mean that most sincerely. Zed friend, I mean that most sincerely. Zed has just introduced the agent client has just introduced the agent client has just introduced the agent client protocol or ACP for short. It's a protocol or ACP for short. It's a protocol or ACP for short. It's a standard just like MCP, but for standard just like MCP, but for standard just like MCP, but for connecting any coding assistant to any connecting any coding assistant to any connecting any coding assistant to any code editor. And Zed's integration is code editor. And Zed's integration is code editor. And Zed's integration is only in beta, but if you want a glimpse only in beta, but if you want a glimpse only in beta, but if you want a glimpse into how we're going to be working with into how we're going to be working with into how we're going to be working with AI in the near future, this is it. So, AI in the near future, this is it. So, AI in the near future, this is it. So, right now, I'll show you ACP in action right now, I'll show you ACP in action right now, I'll show you ACP in action and how you can get started with it and how you can get started with it and how you can get started with it yourself right now. Lot of exciting yourself right now. Lot of exciting yourself right now. Lot of exciting stuff today. I'll start by showing you stuff today. I'll start by showing you stuff today. I'll start by showing you how we can run both cloud code and how we can run both cloud code and how we can run both cloud code and Gemini CLI threads in Zed and switch Gemini CLI threads in Zed and switch Gemini CLI threads in Zed and switch between them at the click of a button. between them at the click of a button. between them at the click of a button. And with ACP, we get live updates in our And with ACP, we get live updates in our And with ACP, we get live updates in our code editor as the coding assistant is code editor as the coding assistant is code editor as the coding assistant is working. And we can accept and reject working. And we can accept and reject working. And we can accept and reject changes, which are things that I've changes, which are things that I've changes, which are things that I've always wanted in Cloud Code. It makes always wanted in Cloud Code. It makes always wanted in Cloud Code. It makes the development experience so much the development experience so much the development experience so much better. And since ACP is a standard, better. And since ACP is a standard, better. And since ACP is a standard, we're able to create our own custom we're able to create our own custom we're able to create our own custom agents that we can attach as coding agents that we can attach as coding agents that we can attach as coding agents into any editor, just like with agents into any editor, just like with agents into any editor, just like with MCP, we're able to build tools that we MCP, we're able to build tools that we MCP, we're able to build tools that we can connect into any agent. I'll show can connect into any agent. I'll show can connect into any agent. I'll show you how that works as well, and even you how that works as well, and even you how that works as well, and even show you some ideas we're cooking up show you some ideas we're cooking up show you some ideas we're cooking up along these lines with Archon. So, I'll along these lines with Archon. So, I'll along these lines with Archon. So, I'll be sure to cover how ACP works at a be sure to cover how ACP works at a be sure to cover how ACP works at a fundamental level as well. Definitely is fundamental level as well. Definitely is fundamental level as well. Definitely is worth understanding this incredible new worth understanding this incredible new worth understanding this incredible new technology. So, I first found out about technology. So, I first found out about technology. So, I first found out about ACP from this Zed announcement ACP from this Zed announcement ACP from this Zed announcement announcing that they now have support announcing that they now have support announcing that they now have support for Cloud Code. If you don't know, Zed for Cloud Code. If you don't know, Zed for Cloud Code. If you don't know, Zed is a code editor just like VS Code and is a code editor just like VS Code and is a code editor just like VS Code and its forks like Windsurf and Cursor. And its forks like Windsurf and Cursor. And its forks like Windsurf and Cursor. And so, I was really interested how exactly so, I was really interested how exactly so, I was really interested how exactly they integrated with Cloud Code. So, I they integrated with Cloud Code. So, I they integrated with Cloud Code. So, I clicked into this, read through it, and clicked into this, read through it, and clicked into this, read through it, and it immediately jumped out to me that it immediately jumped out to me that it immediately jumped out to me that they didn't just build a one-off they didn't just build a one-off they didn't just build a one-off integration with Cloud Code. They wanted integration with Cloud Code. They wanted integration with Cloud Code. They wanted to build something better and that is to build something better and that is to build something better and that is the agent client protocol. The standard the agent client protocol. The standard the agent client protocol. The standard like I said for connecting any coding like I said for connecting any coding like I said for connecting any coding agent to any code editor and this is agent to any code editor and this is agent to any code editor and this is just such a gamecher. It makes it so just such a gamecher. It makes it so just such a gamecher. It makes it so easy to switch between coding easy to switch between coding easy to switch between coding assistants. That's becoming increasingly assistants. That's becoming increasingly assistants. That's becoming increasingly important right now as we start to get important right now as we start to get important right now as we start to get more and more options. Cloud code is more and more options. Cloud code is more and more options. Cloud code is becoming less and less of an obvious becoming less and less of an obvious becoming less and less of an obvious winner right now. And so we want to move winner right now. And so we want to move winner right now. And so we want to move between these code editors and try between these code editors and try between these code editors and try different ones seamlessly. And that's different ones seamlessly. And that's different ones seamlessly. And that's what ACP gives us. It's about time that what ACP gives us. It's about time that what ACP gives us. It's about time that we have this standard. And more on this we have this standard. And more on this we have this standard. And more on this later, it makes it easier for us to run later, it makes it easier for us to run later, it makes it easier for us to run a lot of code agents in parallel. And a lot of code agents in parallel. And a lot of code agents in parallel. And all you have to do to get started with all you have to do to get started with all you have to do to get started with ACP is install Zed. That's what we're ACP is install Zed. That's what we're ACP is install Zed. That's what we're looking at right here. It's a completely looking at right here. It's a completely looking at right here. It's a completely free and open source code editor. And free and open source code editor. And free and open source code editor. And I'll have links in the description to I'll have links in the description to I'll have links in the description to install this depending on your operating install this depending on your operating install this depending on your operating system. And I'm sure in the very near system. And I'm sure in the very near system. And I'm sure in the very near future, we're going to have a lot of future, we're going to have a lot of future, we're going to have a lot of other code editors like VS Code also other code editors like VS Code also other code editors like VS Code also support ACP. But right now, we've got support ACP. But right now, we've got support ACP. But right now, we've got Zed. And then for coding assistance, Zed. And then for coding assistance, Zed. And then for coding assistance, Gemini CLI actually has a direct Gemini CLI actually has a direct Gemini CLI actually has a direct integration with ACP. And then Cloud integration with ACP. And then Cloud integration with ACP. And then Cloud Code is through an adapter. More on that Code is through an adapter. More on that Code is through an adapter. More on that later. And I'm sure they're going to be later. And I'm sure they're going to be later. And I'm sure they're going to be a lot more coding assistance in the near a lot more coding assistance in the near a lot more coding assistance in the near future here that will also be supporting future here that will also be supporting future here that will also be supporting ACP. And once you have it installed, ACP. And once you have it installed, ACP. And once you have it installed, hooking into the Gemini CLI or Cloud hooking into the Gemini CLI or Cloud hooking into the Gemini CLI or Cloud Code right within Zed could not be Code right within Zed could not be Code right within Zed could not be easier. Literally, all you have to do is easier. Literally, all you have to do is easier. Literally, all you have to do is open up this agent panel on the right open up this agent panel on the right open up this agent panel on the right hand side. So it's just this button in hand side. So it's just this button in hand side. So it's just this button in the bottom right to toggle it on and the bottom right to toggle it on and the bottom right to toggle it on and off. And then you click on this plus off. And then you click on this plus off. And then you click on this plus button right here. And you can start a button right here. And you can start a button right here. And you can start a new Gemini CLI thread, Claude Code new Gemini CLI thread, Claude Code new Gemini CLI thread, Claude Code thread, or any custom agent that you thread, or any custom agent that you thread, or any custom agent that you build, which I'll showcase in a little build, which I'll showcase in a little build, which I'll showcase in a little bit here. So, for example, let's start a bit here. So, for example, let's start a bit here. So, for example, let's start a Gemini CLI thread. It'll load up the Gemini CLI thread. It'll load up the Gemini CLI thread. It'll load up the connection to the Gemini CLI. It'll have connection to the Gemini CLI. It'll have connection to the Gemini CLI. It'll have you authenticate if it's your first you authenticate if it's your first you authenticate if it's your first time, which that is all done right time, which that is all done right time, which that is all done right within the code editor as well. So, it's within the code editor as well. So, it's within the code editor as well. So, it's super super easy. I can reauthenticate super super easy. I can reauthenticate super super easy. I can reauthenticate if I need to. I don't even have to do if I need to. I don't even have to do if I need to. I don't even have to do any external setup to bring these coding any external setup to bring these coding any external setup to bring these coding assistants into my editor because that assistants into my editor because that assistants into my editor because that is also a part of ACP. It is a beautiful is also a part of ACP. It is a beautiful is also a part of ACP. It is a beautiful thing. And so now I can send in a thing. And so now I can send in a thing. And so now I can send in a request here like change the greeting request here like change the greeting request here like change the greeting message in and I can at@mention files message in and I can at@mention files message in and I can at@mention files like you would expect to something like you would expect to something like you would expect to something random. All of the native features that random. All of the native features that random. All of the native features that we have for these coding assistants work we have for these coding assistants work we have for these coding assistants work with zed through ACP as well. So things with zed through ACP as well. So things with zed through ACP as well. So things like sub agents and custom slash like sub agents and custom slash like sub agents and custom slash commands like we have with cloud code, commands like we have with cloud code, commands like we have with cloud code, all of that is still going to work. So all of that is still going to work. So all of that is still going to work. So we lose nothing and now we have we lose nothing and now we have we lose nothing and now we have everything in this development everything in this development everything in this development environment. So we can see these changes environment. So we can see these changes environment. So we can see these changes live in our IDE. We can accept and live in our IDE. We can accept and live in our IDE. We can accept and reject these things. The kind of stuff reject these things. The kind of stuff reject these things. The kind of stuff that I've always wanted to have with that I've always wanted to have with that I've always wanted to have with Claude code. So I'll reject this one for Claude code. So I'll reject this one for Claude code. So I'll reject this one for now. I don't need it to run this command now. I don't need it to run this command now. I don't need it to run this command because yeah, that's just quick demo of because yeah, that's just quick demo of because yeah, that's just quick demo of the Gemini CLI. And then if I want, the Gemini CLI. And then if I want, the Gemini CLI. And then if I want, boom, there we go. I'm now loaded up a boom, there we go. I'm now loaded up a boom, there we go. I'm now loaded up a new thread for Claude code. And I can do new thread for Claude code. And I can do new thread for Claude code. And I can do another request like change the goodbye another request like change the goodbye another request like change the goodbye message to something random. Or I could message to something random. Or I could message to something random. Or I could build a slash command to do this, right? build a slash command to do this, right? build a slash command to do this, right? And so, yeah, send in this request. It's And so, yeah, send in this request. It's And so, yeah, send in this request. It's going to make an edit just like the going to make an edit just like the going to make an edit just like the Gemini CLI, but it's using an entirely Gemini CLI, but it's using an entirely Gemini CLI, but it's using an entirely different coding assistant, even though different coding assistant, even though different coding assistant, even though it seems like it isn't because it was it seems like it isn't because it was it seems like it isn't because it was that easy to switch between them. And that easy to switch between them. And that easy to switch between them. And there we go. We got the change request there we go. We got the change request there we go. We got the change request from Cloud Code. Everything looks the from Cloud Code. Everything looks the from Cloud Code. Everything looks the same as Gemini CLI. I can show it looks same as Gemini CLI. I can show it looks same as Gemini CLI. I can show it looks like to reject this now. So, I can like to reject this now. So, I can like to reject this now. So, I can reject and give feedback. The kind of reject and give feedback. The kind of reject and give feedback. The kind of thing that I used to do in Windsurf and thing that I used to do in Windsurf and thing that I used to do in Windsurf and Cursor all of the time that I had to do Cursor all of the time that I had to do Cursor all of the time that I had to do more of like a Git integration to revert more of like a Git integration to revert more of like a Git integration to revert stuff with Cloud Code up until this stuff with Cloud Code up until this stuff with Cloud Code up until this point. Now, I will say that this point. Now, I will say that this point. Now, I will say that this integration definitely feels like it's integration definitely feels like it's integration definitely feels like it's in beta in some ways. First of all, in beta in some ways. First of all, in beta in some ways. First of all, sometimes when I open a new Gemini CLI sometimes when I open a new Gemini CLI sometimes when I open a new Gemini CLI thread, it'll hang there trying to load thread, it'll hang there trying to load thread, it'll hang there trying to load or connect to the Gemini CLI. Obviously, or connect to the Gemini CLI. Obviously, or connect to the Gemini CLI. Obviously, it's working right here. I've had that it's working right here. I've had that it's working right here. I've had that happen a couple of times. Also, it happen a couple of times. Also, it happen a couple of times. Also, it appears that the thread history doesn't appears that the thread history doesn't appears that the thread history doesn't work, which is kind of a bummer. So, a work, which is kind of a bummer. So, a work, which is kind of a bummer. So, a couple of glitches I think that need to couple of glitches I think that need to couple of glitches I think that need to be worked through here. But, I hope that be worked through here. But, I hope that be worked through here. But, I hope that you can see that this is definitely the you can see that this is definitely the you can see that this is definitely the future for AI coding. Just look at how future for AI coding. Just look at how future for AI coding. Just look at how easy that was to interact with the easy that was to interact with the easy that was to interact with the coding assistants in my IDE and switch coding assistants in my IDE and switch coding assistants in my IDE and switch between them as well. It also is very between them as well. It also is very between them as well. It also is very much worth understanding how ACP works much worth understanding how ACP works much worth understanding how ACP works fundamentally. I used to say this all fundamentally. I used to say this all fundamentally. I used to say this all the time for MCP as well. Even if ACP the time for MCP as well. Even if ACP the time for MCP as well. Even if ACP doesn't end up being the primary doesn't end up being the primary doesn't end up being the primary standard adopted for connecting coding standard adopted for connecting coding standard adopted for connecting coding agents to code editors, whatever that agents to code editors, whatever that agents to code editors, whatever that main standard ends up being, it's going main standard ends up being, it's going main standard ends up being, it's going to look a lot like ACP. And I can say to look a lot like ACP. And I can say to look a lot like ACP. And I can say that with confidence because Zed clearly that with confidence because Zed clearly that with confidence because Zed clearly has a good head on their shoulders with has a good head on their shoulders with has a good head on their shoulders with this implementation. They took a lot of this implementation. They took a lot of this implementation. They took a lot of inspiration from other protocols like inspiration from other protocols like inspiration from other protocols like MCP and also the language server MCP and also the language server MCP and also the language server protocol. This is the standard for protocol. This is the standard for protocol. This is the standard for connecting programming languages to code connecting programming languages to code connecting programming languages to code editors. So it's definitely the most editors. So it's definitely the most editors. So it's definitely the most similar protocol. It's been around for similar protocol. It's been around for similar protocol. It's been around for about a decade now. And so they're about a decade now. And so they're about a decade now. And so they're building on top of the shoulders of building on top of the shoulders of building on top of the shoulders of giants here. Definitely doing it right. giants here. Definitely doing it right. giants here. Definitely doing it right. And so I want to focus on ACP here. I'm And so I want to focus on ACP here. I'm And so I want to focus on ACP here. I'm not going to dive a ton into leveraging not going to dive a ton into leveraging not going to dive a ton into leveraging AI coding assistance in this video or AI coding assistance in this video or AI coding assistance in this video or just focusing on the protocol. I will just focusing on the protocol. I will just focusing on the protocol. I will say though that if you want to 10x your say though that if you want to 10x your say though that if you want to 10x your AI coding workflow, really take it to AI coding workflow, really take it to AI coding workflow, really take it to the next level, check out this link that the next level, check out this link that the next level, check out this link that I'll have on the screen right here. I've I'll have on the screen right here. I've I'll have on the screen right here. I've got a really exciting workshop coming up got a really exciting workshop coming up got a really exciting workshop coming up that you won't want to miss. I'm just that you won't want to miss. I'm just that you won't want to miss. I'm just going to leave that golden nugget here. going to leave that golden nugget here. going to leave that golden nugget here. Definitely check out that site. And with Definitely check out that site. And with Definitely check out that site. And with that, let's go ahead and move on. So, I that, let's go ahead and move on. So, I that, let's go ahead and move on. So, I will have a link in the description to will have a link in the description to will have a link in the description to this ACP documentation if you really this ACP documentation if you really this ACP documentation if you really want to dive into the architecture and want to dive into the architecture and want to dive into the architecture and how it works under the hood. I'm just how it works under the hood. I'm just how it works under the hood. I'm just going to cover kind of the high-level going to cover kind of the high-level going to cover kind of the high-level ideas here just to help you see how ideas here just to help you see how ideas here just to help you see how powerful this really is. And so, we've powerful this really is. And so, we've powerful this really is. And so, we've got our first simple diagram here where got our first simple diagram here where got our first simple diagram here where we have our code editor that has a we have our code editor that has a we have our code editor that has a standard IO. So, just a local connection standard IO. So, just a local connection standard IO. So, just a local connection to the coding assistance that we have to the coding assistance that we have to the coding assistance that we have running. So it spins up an instance of running. So it spins up an instance of running. So it spins up an instance of the Gemini CLI or an instance of cloud the Gemini CLI or an instance of cloud the Gemini CLI or an instance of cloud code under the hood that it's connecting code under the hood that it's connecting code under the hood that it's connecting to within Zed and it's very similar to to within Zed and it's very similar to to within Zed and it's very similar to how MCP works. So like I said, they how MCP works. So like I said, they how MCP works. So like I said, they definitely are taking inspiration from definitely are taking inspiration from definitely are taking inspiration from these protocols that are working very these protocols that are working very these protocols that are working very very well. And if we go to an overview very well. And if we go to an overview very well. And if we go to an overview of the protocol, this is where they of the protocol, this is where they of the protocol, this is where they start to talk about how the start to talk about how the start to talk about how the communication works under the hood communication works under the hood communication works under the hood between our coding assistants and code between our coding assistants and code between our coding assistants and code editors. So, it's following a JSON RPC editors. So, it's following a JSON RPC editors. So, it's following a JSON RPC protocol just like MCP does. And so, protocol just like MCP does. And so, protocol just like MCP does. And so, I'll show you a couple examples of what I'll show you a couple examples of what I'll show you a couple examples of what this looks like. It's actually very this looks like. It's actually very this looks like. It's actually very simple because there's just a few set simple because there's just a few set simple because there's just a few set operations that a coding agent is going operations that a coding agent is going operations that a coding agent is going to perform. And so, I'll go to the to perform. And so, I'll go to the to perform. And so, I'll go to the prompt turn tab here so you can see what prompt turn tab here so you can see what prompt turn tab here so you can see what this looks like. First of all, we create this looks like. First of all, we create this looks like. First of all, we create a session between the client and the a session between the client and the a session between the client and the agent. It's kind of like a handshake. agent. It's kind of like a handshake. agent. It's kind of like a handshake. And then just as things are happening And then just as things are happening And then just as things are happening like tool calls or permission requests like tool calls or permission requests like tool calls or permission requests or just chunks of text that it needs to or just chunks of text that it needs to or just chunks of text that it needs to send, these are just going back and send, these are just going back and send, these are just going back and forth between the code editor and the forth between the code editor and the forth between the code editor and the coding assistant. And so this is an coding assistant. And so this is an coding assistant. And so this is an example of the JSON event for a user example of the JSON event for a user example of the JSON event for a user message. So whenever we have a user message. So whenever we have a user message. So whenever we have a user enter something into the editor, it's enter something into the editor, it's enter something into the editor, it's going to send this JSON event through going to send this JSON event through going to send this JSON event through ACP to our coding assistant so it can ACP to our coding assistant so it can ACP to our coding assistant so it can understand what the user is asking for. understand what the user is asking for. understand what the user is asking for. It's going to even include things like It's going to even include things like It's going to even include things like images or resources, calling out images or resources, calling out images or resources, calling out specific files that we want it to edit. specific files that we want it to edit. specific files that we want it to edit. And then when the agent responds, there And then when the agent responds, there And then when the agent responds, there are a couple of different responses that are a couple of different responses that are a couple of different responses that it can give. Like first of all, this is it can give. Like first of all, this is it can give. Like first of all, this is an example of the JSON that we need our an example of the JSON that we need our an example of the JSON that we need our coding assistant to give through ACP coding assistant to give through ACP coding assistant to give through ACP when it wants to communicate a task list when it wants to communicate a task list when it wants to communicate a task list that it wants to knock out. We see that that it wants to knock out. We see that that it wants to knock out. We see that all the time with cloud code. Or if it all the time with cloud code. Or if it all the time with cloud code. Or if it wants to just send some plain text, it wants to just send some plain text, it wants to just send some plain text, it looks like this. We have a a type of looks like this. We have a a type of looks like this. We have a a type of agent message chunk. Here's the text agent message chunk. Here's the text agent message chunk. Here's the text that it's going to send through. So, we that it's going to send through. So, we that it's going to send through. So, we can stream that out in our editor. Or if can stream that out in our editor. Or if can stream that out in our editor. Or if it wants to make an update to a file or it wants to make an update to a file or it wants to make an update to a file or read a file, those are all done through read a file, those are all done through read a file, those are all done through agent tool calls. And so, we have a agent tool calls. And so, we have a agent tool calls. And so, we have a session update of type tool call. And session update of type tool call. And session update of type tool call. And then we can give it a title, any other then we can give it a title, any other then we can give it a title, any other kind of metadata. Basically, anything kind of metadata. Basically, anything kind of metadata. Basically, anything that you would ever see within cloud that you would ever see within cloud that you would ever see within cloud code or the Gemini CLI where you can see code or the Gemini CLI where you can see code or the Gemini CLI where you can see the tool call, you can see the file that the tool call, you can see the file that the tool call, you can see the file that it's affecting or the line numbers. All it's affecting or the line numbers. All it's affecting or the line numbers. All of that metadata is passed through the of that metadata is passed through the of that metadata is passed through the JSON payloads here with ACP. And there's JSON payloads here with ACP. And there's JSON payloads here with ACP. And there's a couple other things I don't want to a couple other things I don't want to a couple other things I don't want to dive super deep into right now. dive super deep into right now. dive super deep into right now. Definitely check this out if you're Definitely check this out if you're Definitely check this out if you're curious and if you want to build your curious and if you want to build your curious and if you want to build your own custom agents because armed with own custom agents because armed with own custom agents because armed with this information, we can also start to this information, we can also start to this information, we can also start to play around with the idea of not using play around with the idea of not using play around with the idea of not using cloud code, not using Gemini CLI, but cloud code, not using Gemini CLI, but cloud code, not using Gemini CLI, but actually building our own custom agent. actually building our own custom agent. actually building our own custom agent. And they have an example of that in And they have an example of that in And they have an example of that in GitHub as well. The sponsor of today's GitHub as well. The sponsor of today's GitHub as well. The sponsor of today's video is fly.io, IO, a developer first video is fly.io, IO, a developer first video is fly.io, IO, a developer first cloud platform that makes deploying your cloud platform that makes deploying your cloud platform that makes deploying your AI Asians, frontends, really any type of AI Asians, frontends, really any type of AI Asians, frontends, really any type of application super straightforward. We're application super straightforward. We're application super straightforward. We're talking about using AI coding assistance talking about using AI coding assistance talking about using AI coding assistance in this video, and you can build amazing in this video, and you can build amazing in this video, and you can build amazing things with them, but you have to have a things with them, but you have to have a things with them, but you have to have a place to deploy to production. And that place to deploy to production. And that place to deploy to production. And that is where Fly.io comes in. And what makes is where Fly.io comes in. And what makes is where Fly.io comes in. And what makes them stand apart is they have their own them stand apart is they have their own them stand apart is they have their own infrastructure. They're not just another infrastructure. They're not just another infrastructure. They're not just another AWS wrapper, which means that everything AWS wrapper, which means that everything AWS wrapper, which means that everything is going to be cheaper and faster for is going to be cheaper and faster for is going to be cheaper and faster for you. And you can deploy very easily, no you. And you can deploy very easily, no you. And you can deploy very easily, no matter the framework that you use. And matter the framework that you use. And matter the framework that you use. And all you have to do to get started with all you have to do to get started with all you have to do to get started with fly.io is create your account for free fly.io is create your account for free fly.io is create your account for free to get started. And then you can install to get started. And then you can install to get started. And then you can install the CLI so you can work with it on your the CLI so you can work with it on your the CLI so you can work with it on your computer. And then you log in with the computer. And then you log in with the computer. And then you log in with the fly off command. And then take a look at fly off command. And then take a look at fly off command. And then take a look at this. I can go into the directory where this. I can go into the directory where this. I can go into the directory where I have my application and run fly I have my application and run fly I have my application and run fly launch. It is going to automatically launch. It is going to automatically launch. It is going to automatically recognize the type of my application and recognize the type of my application and recognize the type of my application and configure things to deploy everything configure things to deploy everything configure things to deploy everything automatically. There's basically nothing automatically. There's basically nothing automatically. There's basically nothing more that I have to do. It is that easy. more that I have to do. It is that easy. more that I have to do. It is that easy. I can customize any configuration that I I can customize any configuration that I I can customize any configuration that I want. Otherwise, I just went with the want. Otherwise, I just went with the want. Otherwise, I just went with the default values. So, it went ahead and default values. So, it went ahead and default values. So, it went ahead and built the container for my type of built the container for my type of built the container for my type of application, deployed to the cloud, and application, deployed to the cloud, and application, deployed to the cloud, and gave me a domain, which I can customize gave me a domain, which I can customize gave me a domain, which I can customize later. So, here in the dashboard, we can later. So, here in the dashboard, we can later. So, here in the dashboard, we can see our application. Click into our URL see our application. Click into our URL see our application. Click into our URL here, and boom, there we go. We have our here, and boom, there we go. We have our here, and boom, there we go. We have our front end deployed on Flat.io's global front end deployed on Flat.io's global front end deployed on Flat.io's global infrastructure. And this is actually the infrastructure. And this is actually the infrastructure. And this is actually the front end that we're building on top of front end that we're building on top of front end that we're building on top of in the AI coding workshop that I in the AI coding workshop that I in the AI coding workshop that I mentioned earlier. It was that easy to mentioned earlier. It was that easy to mentioned earlier. It was that easy to get everything deployed to production get everything deployed to production get everything deployed to production and fly.io is free to get started. So if and fly.io is free to get started. So if and fly.io is free to get started. So if you have those awesome projects that you have those awesome projects that you have those awesome projects that you've been building with AI coding you've been building with AI coding you've been building with AI coding assistance and it's time to bring them assistance and it's time to bring them assistance and it's time to bring them to production, this is your platform to to production, this is your platform to to production, this is your platform to do so. I'd highly recommend checking do so. I'd highly recommend checking do so. I'd highly recommend checking them out. Link in the description. So if them out. Link in the description. So if them out. Link in the description. So if we want to build a custom agent using we want to build a custom agent using we want to build a custom agent using ACP, we just need to build an ACP, we just need to build an ACP, we just need to build an application that follows this application that follows this application that follows this architecture. We use a large language architecture. We use a large language architecture. We use a large language model under the hood to accept requests model under the hood to accept requests model under the hood to accept requests to make code changes and then use tools to make code changes and then use tools to make code changes and then use tools to do so and communicate that back out to do so and communicate that back out to do so and communicate that back out through ACP. So they have a TypeScript through ACP. So they have a TypeScript through ACP. So they have a TypeScript example in their GitHub repository. I'll example in their GitHub repository. I'll example in their GitHub repository. I'll link to this below as well if you want link to this below as well if you want link to this below as well if you want to check it out. This is what we're to check it out. This is what we're to check it out. This is what we're going to test out within Zed right now. going to test out within Zed right now. going to test out within Zed right now. And so they have instructions in this And so they have instructions in this And so they have instructions in this repo where you can just clone it and repo where you can just clone it and repo where you can just clone it and then you add into the configuration in then you add into the configuration in then you add into the configuration in Zed. I'll show you what that looks like Zed. I'll show you what that looks like Zed. I'll show you what that looks like in a little bit as well. And so clicking in a little bit as well. And so clicking in a little bit as well. And so clicking into agent.ts, ts. I'll just show you into agent.ts, ts. I'll just show you into agent.ts, ts. I'll just show you how this works really quickly. This how this works really quickly. This how this works really quickly. This isn't going to be an intelligent isn't going to be an intelligent isn't going to be an intelligent conversation with a real coding agent. conversation with a real coding agent. conversation with a real coding agent. It's just a bunch of hardcoded messages It's just a bunch of hardcoded messages It's just a bunch of hardcoded messages that are going to be sent through ACP that are going to be sent through ACP that are going to be sent through ACP when we send in a request. So, it's just when we send in a request. So, it's just when we send in a request. So, it's just kind of a demo that we have here. But kind of a demo that we have here. But kind of a demo that we have here. But first of all, we have our initialize first of all, we have our initialize first of all, we have our initialize function. This is what happens whenever function. This is what happens whenever function. This is what happens whenever we make a new connection to the coding we make a new connection to the coding we make a new connection to the coding assistant to set things up. And then assistant to set things up. And then assistant to set things up. And then when we make a new session or in Z a new when we make a new session or in Z a new when we make a new session or in Z a new thread, this function is ran. And so thread, this function is ran. And so thread, this function is ran. And so once we are in the prompting mode, this once we are in the prompting mode, this once we are in the prompting mode, this is where we're going to simulate a turn. is where we're going to simulate a turn. is where we're going to simulate a turn. And so this simulate turn function. This And so this simulate turn function. This And so this simulate turn function. This is where you would typically invoke a is where you would typically invoke a is where you would typically invoke a large language model and get out the large language model and get out the large language model and get out the tool request for it to read certain tool request for it to read certain tool request for it to read certain files or edit certain files. In this files or edit certain files. In this files or edit certain files. In this case, like I said, we just have case, like I said, we just have case, like I said, we just have hard-coded JSON messages following the hard-coded JSON messages following the hard-coded JSON messages following the ACP protocol to give these updates to ACP protocol to give these updates to ACP protocol to give these updates to the frontend. So we send in a request the frontend. So we send in a request the frontend. So we send in a request and then the agent is hardcoded to and then the agent is hardcoded to and then the agent is hardcoded to communicate through ACP back to our code communicate through ACP back to our code communicate through ACP back to our code editor. I'll help you with that. Let me editor. I'll help you with that. Let me editor. I'll help you with that. Let me start by reading some files to start by reading some files to start by reading some files to understand the current situation. And understand the current situation. And understand the current situation. And then it sends a mock tool call saying then it sends a mock tool call saying then it sends a mock tool call saying that it's going to read a specific file. that it's going to read a specific file. that it's going to read a specific file. And then it does another update here And then it does another update here And then it does another update here saying that it is going to replace some saying that it is going to replace some saying that it is going to replace some content in a file. So just communicating content in a file. So just communicating content in a file. So just communicating some fake tool calls that act like the some fake tool calls that act like the some fake tool calls that act like the agent would act if there was a real agent would act if there was a real agent would act if there was a real coding agent hooked up here. All right, coding agent hooked up here. All right, coding agent hooked up here. All right, so back over in Zed because I followed so back over in Zed because I followed so back over in Zed because I followed the instructions in the GitHub to get my the instructions in the GitHub to get my the instructions in the GitHub to get my custom agent installed. And the way that custom agent installed. And the way that custom agent installed. And the way that you get to that configuration, by the you get to that configuration, by the you get to that configuration, by the way, is you click on the three dots in way, is you click on the three dots in way, is you click on the three dots in the top right, go to the settings, and the top right, go to the settings, and the top right, go to the settings, and then we can add an external agent like then we can add an external agent like then we can add an external agent like I've already done here. So, we've got I've already done here. So, we've got I've already done here. So, we've got the Gemini CLI, we've got Cloud Code. the Gemini CLI, we've got Cloud Code. the Gemini CLI, we've got Cloud Code. Now, we can add our own. So, it opens up Now, we can add our own. So, it opens up Now, we can add our own. So, it opens up this JSON right here for you right away this JSON right here for you right away this JSON right here for you right away to add in the path to your own custom to add in the path to your own custom to add in the path to your own custom agent. Like in this case, this is the agent. Like in this case, this is the agent. Like in this case, this is the TypeScript file that we have pulled down TypeScript file that we have pulled down TypeScript file that we have pulled down from GitHub. So, I'm going to actually from GitHub. So, I'm going to actually from GitHub. So, I'm going to actually delete this here. I don't need to add delete this here. I don't need to add delete this here. I don't need to add another one, but I can save this. And another one, but I can save this. And another one, but I can save this. And then you'll have your external agent then you'll have your external agent then you'll have your external agent that you can connect to. So going back that you can connect to. So going back that you can connect to. So going back here, I can open up a new thread with my here, I can open up a new thread with my here, I can open up a new thread with my custom agent. And it's nothing fancy custom agent. And it's nothing fancy custom agent. And it's nothing fancy right here. It's just those hardcoded right here. It's just those hardcoded right here. It's just those hardcoded messages that we saw being passed messages that we saw being passed messages that we saw being passed through ACP. But just look at how through ACP. But just look at how through ACP. But just look at how seamless that was. Like the code was seamless that was. Like the code was seamless that was. Like the code was pretty simple overall in that TypeScript pretty simple overall in that TypeScript pretty simple overall in that TypeScript file. But now we have everything file. But now we have everything file. But now we have everything integrated already with Zed and with any integrated already with Zed and with any integrated already with Zed and with any code editor in the future that works code editor in the future that works code editor in the future that works with ACP. So, it's that easy to build with ACP. So, it's that easy to build with ACP. So, it's that easy to build our own custom agent with all the our own custom agent with all the our own custom agent with all the different operations that we typically different operations that we typically different operations that we typically see with coding assistants. And like I see with coding assistants. And like I see with coding assistants. And like I alluded to earlier, and I promised I alluded to earlier, and I promised I alluded to earlier, and I promised I would hit on this more, Cloud Code does would hit on this more, Cloud Code does would hit on this more, Cloud Code does not have a direct integration with ACP. not have a direct integration with ACP. not have a direct integration with ACP. So, for Zed to add it into their So, for Zed to add it into their So, for Zed to add it into their platform, they had to build an adapter. platform, they had to build an adapter. platform, they had to build an adapter. And this is simpler than you would And this is simpler than you would And this is simpler than you would think, thanks to ACP. So, we can look at think, thanks to ACP. So, we can look at think, thanks to ACP. So, we can look at the source code here for the adapter. the source code here for the adapter. the source code here for the adapter. They have an agent.ts TS just like the They have an agent.ts TS just like the They have an agent.ts TS just like the custom agent example that we saw a custom agent example that we saw a custom agent example that we saw a little bit ago. And clicking into this, little bit ago. And clicking into this, little bit ago. And clicking into this, a lot of the code is going to look very a lot of the code is going to look very a lot of the code is going to look very similar because basically all we have to similar because basically all we have to similar because basically all we have to do to connect cloud code to any editor do to connect cloud code to any editor do to connect cloud code to any editor through ACP is we need to convert any of through ACP is we need to convert any of through ACP is we need to convert any of our cloud code SDK messages into the our cloud code SDK messages into the our cloud code SDK messages into the format, the JSON format needed for the format, the JSON format needed for the format, the JSON format needed for the ACP standard. And so this function right ACP standard. And so this function right ACP standard. And so this function right here, it takes any cloud code message here, it takes any cloud code message here, it takes any cloud code message and based on the type, like if it's text and based on the type, like if it's text and based on the type, like if it's text or the model is thinking or it's using a or the model is thinking or it's using a or the model is thinking or it's using a tool to read a file, we're going to take tool to read a file, we're going to take tool to read a file, we're going to take the output of the cloud code SDK, like the output of the cloud code SDK, like the output of the cloud code SDK, like all the different values in these all the different values in these all the different values in these chunks, and we're going to transform chunks, and we're going to transform chunks, and we're going to transform that into the JSON object necessary for that into the JSON object necessary for that into the JSON object necessary for ACP. So it's really just a data change. ACP. So it's really just a data change. ACP. So it's really just a data change. We're just changing the format. That's We're just changing the format. That's We're just changing the format. That's all it takes. And so this integration, all it takes. And so this integration, all it takes. And so this integration, this full adapter for cloud code to zed this full adapter for cloud code to zed this full adapter for cloud code to zed thanks to ACP is only around 600 lines thanks to ACP is only around 600 lines thanks to ACP is only around 600 lines of code. It's so simple and we can take of code. It's so simple and we can take of code. It's so simple and we can take this beautiful notion of this standard this beautiful notion of this standard this beautiful notion of this standard here and apply it to other kinds of here and apply it to other kinds of here and apply it to other kinds of integrations. Like when I saw this, my integrations. Like when I saw this, my integrations. Like when I saw this, my mind just started running wild for the mind just started running wild for the mind just started running wild for the possibilities here with Archon in possibilities here with Archon in possibilities here with Archon in particular, my open-source project, particular, my open-source project, particular, my open-source project, which is the command center for AI which is the command center for AI which is the command center for AI coding assistance. And one of the things coding assistance. And one of the things coding assistance. And one of the things that we've always wanted to build into that we've always wanted to build into that we've always wanted to build into it is integrating it with different it is integrating it with different it is integrating it with different coding agents directly. And ACP is coding agents directly. And ACP is coding agents directly. And ACP is definitely our ticket for that. So I definitely our ticket for that. So I definitely our ticket for that. So I actually had Raasmus on my team. He did actually had Raasmus on my team. He did actually had Raasmus on my team. He did a proof of concept integrating Archon a proof of concept integrating Archon a proof of concept integrating Archon with ACP. So yeah, let's take a look at with ACP. So yeah, let's take a look at with ACP. So yeah, let's take a look at that right now. It's super super that right now. It's super super that right now. It's super super interesting. All right, so we just took interesting. All right, so we just took interesting. All right, so we just took a look at implementing custom agents a look at implementing custom agents a look at implementing custom agents into Zed through ACP. Now, the ability into Zed through ACP. Now, the ability into Zed through ACP. Now, the ability for us to do this kind of integration for us to do this kind of integration for us to do this kind of integration ourselves has just opened up the ourselves has just opened up the ourselves has just opened up the floodgate of ideas for me and Raasmus. floodgate of ideas for me and Raasmus. floodgate of ideas for me and Raasmus. So, I brought him in here to show a So, I brought him in here to show a So, I brought him in here to show a proof of concept that he did for Archon proof of concept that he did for Archon proof of concept that he did for Archon using ACP with Archon to connect it to using ACP with Archon to connect it to using ACP with Archon to connect it to Cloud Code and other coding assistants. Cloud Code and other coding assistants. Cloud Code and other coding assistants. And this is very much a PC at this And this is very much a PC at this And this is very much a PC at this point, but I just want to share with you point, but I just want to share with you point, but I just want to share with you some of the vision that we have here, some of the vision that we have here, some of the vision that we have here, some of the ways that we can uh some of the ways that we can uh some of the ways that we can uh implement Archon with these coding implement Archon with these coding implement Archon with these coding agents using ACP. We've always wanted to agents using ACP. We've always wanted to agents using ACP. We've always wanted to do something like what you're about to do something like what you're about to do something like what you're about to see, but ACP just makes it that much see, but ACP just makes it that much see, but ACP just makes it that much easier because it provides that standard easier because it provides that standard easier because it provides that standard for connecting applications like Archon for connecting applications like Archon for connecting applications like Archon and other code editors to our coding and other code editors to our coding and other code editors to our coding agents. So, Raasmus, thanks for being agents. So, Raasmus, thanks for being agents. So, Raasmus, thanks for being here and building out this proof of here and building out this proof of here and building out this proof of concept. Why don't you share some of concept. Why don't you share some of concept. Why don't you share some of your vision for connecting Archon to your vision for connecting Archon to your vision for connecting Archon to coding agents? coding agents? coding agents? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so yeah, thanks for having me &gt;&gt; Yeah, so yeah, thanks for having me &gt;&gt; Yeah, so yeah, thanks for having me again. And uh yeah, what you just said again. And uh yeah, what you just said again. And uh yeah, what you just said uh our vision has always been to like uh our vision has always been to like uh our vision has always been to like have Aron be able to invoke coding have Aron be able to invoke coding have Aron be able to invoke coding agents, not only cloud code but other agents, not only cloud code but other agents, not only cloud code but other agents like the Gemini CLI or the cursor agents like the Gemini CLI or the cursor agents like the Gemini CLI or the cursor agents or even Devon or any any of the agents or even Devon or any any of the agents or even Devon or any any of the coding agents really. And what ACP will coding agents really. And what ACP will coding agents really. And what ACP will allow us to do is to do that in one allow us to do is to do that in one allow us to do is to do that in one sweep. So if all of these uh other sweep. So if all of these uh other sweep. So if all of these uh other agents also adopt this protocol, we will agents also adopt this protocol, we will agents also adopt this protocol, we will be able to implement all of them very be able to implement all of them very be able to implement all of them very very easily and very very quickly as very easily and very very quickly as very easily and very very quickly as long as we have our base ACP long as we have our base ACP long as we have our base ACP implementation. implementation. implementation. So, what we have here right now is uh So, what we have here right now is uh So, what we have here right now is uh and yeah, I've been having a blast and yeah, I've been having a blast and yeah, I've been having a blast building this out with with Archon and building this out with with Archon and building this out with with Archon and uh here we have uh PC with cloud code, uh here we have uh PC with cloud code, uh here we have uh PC with cloud code, but we can just as easily use Gemini CLI but we can just as easily use Gemini CLI but we can just as easily use Gemini CLI because both of them works kind of out because both of them works kind of out because both of them works kind of out of the box with ACP of the box with ACP of the box with ACP and uh this is now directly integrated and uh this is now directly integrated and uh this is now directly integrated into Archon at this PC where you can into Archon at this PC where you can into Archon at this PC where you can basically connect your directory to to basically connect your directory to to basically connect your directory to to Archon. So the long-term vision here Archon. So the long-term vision here Archon. So the long-term vision here would be to kind of connect your git would be to kind of connect your git would be to kind of connect your git repository to Archon and you can attach repository to Archon and you can attach repository to Archon and you can attach your knowledge base to that git your knowledge base to that git your knowledge base to that git directory and you can attach your MCP directory and you can attach your MCP directory and you can attach your MCP servers to that git uh directory so that servers to that git uh directory so that servers to that git uh directory so that you can feed all of the context that you you can feed all of the context that you you can feed all of the context that you need to feed to your coding agent before need to feed to your coding agent before need to feed to your coding agent before you send your coding agent back uh into you send your coding agent back uh into you send your coding agent back uh into the background to do like a background the background to do like a background the background to do like a background task for you. So the agent will kind of task for you. So the agent will kind of task for you. So the agent will kind of spin up its own work tree, its own spin up its own work tree, its own spin up its own work tree, its own environment where it will can do environment where it will can do environment where it will can do whatever it wants and it will come back whatever it wants and it will come back whatever it wants and it will come back to you with a PR uh once it's ready. So to you with a PR uh once it's ready. So to you with a PR uh once it's ready. So basically you can just uh tell it where basically you can just uh tell it where basically you can just uh tell it where it should work. So I'll just give it a it should work. So I'll just give it a it should work. So I'll just give it a path to to one of my projects. I can path to to one of my projects. I can path to to one of my projects. I can start a coding session and I can see start a coding session and I can see start a coding session and I can see this uh uh interface here where I just this uh uh interface here where I just this uh uh interface here where I just have a chat. We have an active session have a chat. We have an active session have a chat. We have an active session and uh we can just send it a easy task. and uh we can just send it a easy task. and uh we can just send it a easy task. I'm just going to give it an example I'm just going to give it an example I'm just going to give it an example task here to create three different task here to create three different task here to create three different hello world files. One in uh Rust, one hello world files. One in uh Rust, one hello world files. One in uh Rust, one in Go, and one in Python. And uh let's in Go, and one in Python. And uh let's in Go, and one in Python. And uh let's just kick it off and see what it does. just kick it off and see what it does. just kick it off and see what it does. So we should see the this here what I So we should see the this here what I So we should see the this here what I have open is actually the HCP back end have open is actually the HCP back end have open is actually the HCP back end that is written in Rust. Uh and yeah, that is written in Rust. Uh and yeah, that is written in Rust. Uh and yeah, you can see here that it does it. It's you can see here that it does it. It's you can see here that it does it. It's actually spawns. You can see that it actually spawns. You can see that it actually spawns. You can see that it spawned three sub pages actually and did spawned three sub pages actually and did spawned three sub pages actually and did it in in one sweep. So yeah, that was it in in one sweep. So yeah, that was it in in one sweep. So yeah, that was quite an efficient uh task as well. I quite an efficient uh task as well. I quite an efficient uh task as well. I can actually open up the files here as can actually open up the files here as can actually open up the files here as well. And we can see that it all created well. And we can see that it all created well. And we can see that it all created this, it created this and this. So yeah, this, it created this and this. So yeah, this, it created this and this. So yeah, very simple example but uh quite very simple example but uh quite very simple example but uh quite powerful uh way of working with coding powerful uh way of working with coding powerful uh way of working with coding agents and I I believe personally that agents and I I believe personally that agents and I I believe personally that that's going to be the future way to that's going to be the future way to that's going to be the future way to work with with coding agents and archon work with with coding agents and archon work with with coding agents and archon is our interpretation or will be our is our interpretation or will be our is our interpretation or will be our interpretation of of the new interface interpretation of of the new interface interpretation of of the new interface for for coding. for for coding. for for coding. &gt;&gt; Exactly right. That is beautiful. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly right. That is beautiful. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly right. That is beautiful. Yeah. And like Razo said, this is just a proof And like Razo said, this is just a proof And like Razo said, this is just a proof of concept, not coming anytime soon to of concept, not coming anytime soon to of concept, not coming anytime soon to Archon necessarily. And this is a really Archon necessarily. And this is a really Archon necessarily. And this is a really basic example, but the power of this is basic example, but the power of this is basic example, but the power of this is we are not interacting with cloud code we are not interacting with cloud code we are not interacting with cloud code directly. We're not using the cloud code directly. We're not using the cloud code directly. We're not using the cloud code SDK, anything like that. It is all SDK, anything like that. It is all SDK, anything like that. It is all through ACP. That is how we're through ACP. That is how we're through ACP. That is how we're communicating here. And so it really communicating here. And so it really communicating here. And so it really would be a drop in replacement for any would be a drop in replacement for any would be a drop in replacement for any other agent like Gemini CLI that also other agent like Gemini CLI that also other agent like Gemini CLI that also supports ACP. That's the beauty of this. supports ACP. That's the beauty of this. supports ACP. That's the beauty of this. And another thing we can do in Archon is And another thing we can do in Archon is And another thing we can do in Archon is we can make it very easy to manage many we can make it very easy to manage many we can make it very easy to manage many agents in parallel. all using ACP. So, a agents in parallel. all using ACP. So, a agents in parallel. all using ACP. So, a user interface kind of like this, but user interface kind of like this, but user interface kind of like this, but being able to click into different being able to click into different being able to click into different agents as they're active working on agents as they're active working on agents as they're active working on longer running tasks. Something longer running tasks. Something longer running tasks. Something obviously much longer than the quick obviously much longer than the quick obviously much longer than the quick demo here. So, yeah, there's just so demo here. So, yeah, there's just so demo here. So, yeah, there's just so many ways that we can build this out many ways that we can build this out many ways that we can build this out with Archon. with Archon. with Archon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly that. And imagine an &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly that. And imagine an &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly that. And imagine an interface here where you can actually interface here where you can actually interface here where you can actually select your agents. So you can like select your agents. So you can like select your agents. So you can like select cursor or you can select Gemini select cursor or you can select Gemini select cursor or you can select Gemini CLI or you can select codeex or whatever CLI or you can select codeex or whatever CLI or you can select codeex or whatever and you can uh send that off you know and you can uh send that off you know and you can uh send that off you know and you have a basically a chat that you and you have a basically a chat that you and you have a basically a chat that you can open or close you can inspect what can open or close you can inspect what can open or close you can inspect what it's doing or you can ignore it and at it's doing or you can ignore it and at it's doing or you can ignore it and at the end of the day it will come back to the end of the day it will come back to the end of the day it will come back to you with the with the PR anyways that you with the with the PR anyways that you with the with the PR anyways that you can review at the end. So this is you can review at the end. So this is you can review at the end. So this is really a way to to kick this off into really a way to to kick this off into really a way to to kick this off into the into the background and do the work the into the background and do the work the into the background and do the work for you. So very similar to what uh uh for you. So very similar to what uh uh for you. So very similar to what uh uh the codeex cloud is doing but that you the codeex cloud is doing but that you the codeex cloud is doing but that you the difference is that you can do it the difference is that you can do it the difference is that you can do it with any agent and you you do it locally with any agent and you you do it locally with any agent and you you do it locally on your own machine on your own machine on your own machine &gt;&gt; right yeah it's a beautiful thing so &gt;&gt; right yeah it's a beautiful thing so &gt;&gt; right yeah it's a beautiful thing so thank you Raasmus for showing us this thank you Raasmus for showing us this thank you Raasmus for showing us this working on the proof of concept the two working on the proof of concept the two working on the proof of concept the two big reasons I wanted to put this into big reasons I wanted to put this into big reasons I wanted to put this into the video here is one to show you some the video here is one to show you some the video here is one to show you some of the awesome plans we have for Archon of the awesome plans we have for Archon of the awesome plans we have for Archon that we've always had but ACP is going that we've always had but ACP is going that we've always had but ACP is going to make easier and then also I hope that to make easier and then also I hope that to make easier and then also I hope that this kind of can enlighten you even more this kind of can enlighten you even more this kind of can enlighten you even more on what ACP enables and why I really do on what ACP enables and why I really do on what ACP enables and why I really do think it is the future of AI coding. So, think it is the future of AI coding. So, think it is the future of AI coding. So, thanks for being here, Raasmus, and on thanks for being here, Raasmus, and on thanks for being here, Raasmus, and on to the rest of our video. So, I hope to the rest of our video. So, I hope to the rest of our video. So, I hope those ideas around archon really got those ideas around archon really got those ideas around archon really got your brain juices flowing. There's just your brain juices flowing. There's just your brain juices flowing. There's just so many ways that ACP really is the so many ways that ACP really is the so many ways that ACP really is the future of AI coding. And also, Raasmus future of AI coding. And also, Raasmus future of AI coding. And also, Raasmus has a video coming out on his channel has a video coming out on his channel has a video coming out on his channel that I'll link to in the description that I'll link to in the description that I'll link to in the description when it's available. Check that out if when it's available. Check that out if when it's available. Check that out if you want to dive even deeper into these you want to dive even deeper into these you want to dive even deeper into these ideas around archon and ACP. So yeah, ideas around archon and ACP. So yeah, ideas around archon and ACP. So yeah, that is all the content that I got for that is all the content that I got for that is all the content that I got for you right now on ACP. It's just an you right now on ACP. It's just an you right now on ACP. It's just an incredible technology, a standard that incredible technology, a standard that incredible technology, a standard that I'm definitely going to be following I'm definitely going to be following I'm definitely going to be following more and putting out some more content more and putting out some more content more and putting out some more content as we get more integrations with as we get more integrations with as we get more integrations with different code editors and coding different code editors and coding different code editors and coding assistants. So if you appreciate this assistants. So if you appreciate this assistants. So if you appreciate this video and you're looking forward to more video and you're looking forward to more video and you're looking forward to more things AI coding and AI agents, I would things AI coding and AI agents, I would things AI coding and AI agents, I would really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you in the next
