Title: AI coding extensions will make you a 10x developer…
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

So AI coding extensions are taking over, So AI coding extensions are taking over, So AI coding extensions are taking over, but most people are still stuck in 2024 but most people are still stuck in 2024 but most people are still stuck in 2024 only using cursor or cloth code. So in only using cursor or cloth code. So in only using cursor or cloth code. So in this video, I'll explain why these next this video, I'll explain why these next this video, I'll explain why these next generation AI extensions are blowing up generation AI extensions are blowing up generation AI extensions are blowing up and how you can use them to build and how you can use them to build and how you can use them to build anything. Now my name is David Andre and anything. Now my name is David Andre and anything. Now my name is David Andre and I'm the founder of vector.ai and I've I'm the founder of vector.ai and I've I'm the founder of vector.ai and I've spent well over a,000 hours building spent well over a,000 hours building spent well over a,000 hours building software with AI tools. And you might be software with AI tools. And you might be software with AI tools. And you might be asking, okay, David, why not just use asking, okay, David, why not just use asking, okay, David, why not just use cursor? Why even bother with all these cursor? Why even bother with all these cursor? Why even bother with all these new extensions? Well, there are actually new extensions? Well, there are actually new extensions? Well, there are actually several reasons. The reason number one several reasons. The reason number one several reasons. The reason number one is that you can use these AI extensions is that you can use these AI extensions is that you can use these AI extensions anywhere. Maybe you have a VS Code setup anywhere. Maybe you have a VS Code setup anywhere. Maybe you have a VS Code setup that you really like and you really that you really like and you really that you really like and you really don't want to switch to Crystal Windsor. don't want to switch to Crystal Windsor. don't want to switch to Crystal Windsor. Well, guess what? Just install an Well, guess what? Just install an Well, guess what? Just install an extension and you can use it right away. extension and you can use it right away. extension and you can use it right away. Also, with these extensions, you can use Also, with these extensions, you can use Also, with these extensions, you can use any provider. Doesn't matter if it's any provider. Doesn't matter if it's any provider. Doesn't matter if it's OpenAI, Enthropic, Gemini, Mistrol, OpenAI, Enthropic, Gemini, Mistrol, OpenAI, Enthropic, Gemini, Mistrol, Deepc, Quen, whatever you want to use, Deepc, Quen, whatever you want to use, Deepc, Quen, whatever you want to use, these modern extensions support it. But these modern extensions support it. But these modern extensions support it. But if you only use cloth code, obviously it if you only use cloth code, obviously it if you only use cloth code, obviously it only supports enthropic models. And only supports enthropic models. And only supports enthropic models. And actually later in the video, I'll show actually later in the video, I'll show actually later in the video, I'll show you how you can use open router to use you how you can use open router to use you how you can use open router to use any model in existence, no matter if any model in existence, no matter if any model in existence, no matter if it's open source or closed source in it's open source or closed source in it's open source or closed source in these extensions. So make sure to watch these extensions. So make sure to watch these extensions. So make sure to watch until the end. The third reason is that until the end. The third reason is that until the end. The third reason is that these extensions are free and open these extensions are free and open these extensions are free and open source. So instead of paying $200 a source. So instead of paying $200 a source. So instead of paying $200 a month for cloth code, you can use Kilo month for cloth code, you can use Kilo month for cloth code, you can use Kilo Rue or Klein for free. And on top of Rue or Klein for free. And on top of Rue or Klein for free. And on top of that, they are open source. Now the that, they are open source. Now the that, they are open source. Now the beauty of open source is that you can beauty of open source is that you can beauty of open source is that you can literally pull up GitHub and look inside literally pull up GitHub and look inside literally pull up GitHub and look inside to see how this was made. And if you to see how this was made. And if you to see how this was made. And if you have an idea how you can improve it, you have an idea how you can improve it, you have an idea how you can improve it, you can click the fork button and start can click the fork button and start can click the fork button and start working on your own version today. working on your own version today. working on your own version today. Another reason why thousands of people Another reason why thousands of people Another reason why thousands of people are switching away from cursor to these are switching away from cursor to these are switching away from cursor to these extensions is that they are extensions is that they are extensions is that they are customizable. They offer much better customizable. They offer much better customizable. They offer much better context engineering which is great for context engineering which is great for context engineering which is great for power users. Plus you can actually see power users. Plus you can actually see power users. Plus you can actually see the usage overview. Cursor on the other the usage overview. Cursor on the other the usage overview. Cursor on the other hand doesn't have the best reputation hand doesn't have the best reputation hand doesn't have the best reputation for being transparent about the limits. for being transparent about the limits. for being transparent about the limits. Now when you're comparing kilo ru and Now when you're comparing kilo ru and Now when you're comparing kilo ru and client it's important to understand client it's important to understand client it's important to understand their relationship why each of them work their relationship why each of them work their relationship why each of them work and how they came to be. So the simplest and how they came to be. So the simplest and how they came to be. So the simplest way to understand it is that client got way to understand it is that client got way to understand it is that client got created as a open-source coding AI created as a open-source coding AI created as a open-source coding AI agent. Then someone forked it and agent. Then someone forked it and agent. Then someone forked it and created R code which is a fork of client created R code which is a fork of client created R code which is a fork of client and then ruode got forked and that's how and then ruode got forked and that's how and then ruode got forked and that's how kilo got created. But each of these AI kilo got created. But each of these AI kilo got created. But each of these AI tools serves a different purpose which tools serves a different purpose which tools serves a different purpose which is exactly what I'm going to explain now is exactly what I'm going to explain now is exactly what I'm going to explain now so that you know which extension is the so that you know which extension is the so that you know which extension is the best for you. Starting with client which best for you. Starting with client which best for you. Starting with client which is the foundation and it's the most is the foundation and it's the most is the foundation and it's the most beginnerfriendly one. The setup is beginnerfriendly one. The setup is beginnerfriendly one. The setup is simple but it's also not that simple but it's also not that simple but it's also not that customizable. Now the way to think of customizable. Now the way to think of customizable. Now the way to think of the other two extensions we're going to the other two extensions we're going to the other two extensions we're going to cover RU code and kilo code is as cover RU code and kilo code is as cover RU code and kilo code is as upgrades to client. However, even if upgrades to client. However, even if upgrades to client. However, even if kilo and ru are more advanced with more kilo and ru are more advanced with more kilo and ru are more advanced with more features you still need to know how to features you still need to know how to features you still need to know how to use the fundamentals. And if you learn use the fundamentals. And if you learn use the fundamentals. And if you learn how to use client, you'll be able to how to use client, you'll be able to how to use client, you'll be able to easily adapt to any new extension that easily adapt to any new extension that easily adapt to any new extension that comes after it. So, let me show you how comes after it. So, let me show you how comes after it. So, let me show you how to set up client. And it's actually to set up client. And it's actually to set up client. And it's actually very, very easy. All right, so let's very, very easy. All right, so let's very, very easy. All right, so let's jump into VS Code cursor, whatever code jump into VS Code cursor, whatever code jump into VS Code cursor, whatever code editor you're using. Open up the editor you're using. Open up the editor you're using. Open up the extensions tab right here. Boom. And extensions tab right here. Boom. And extensions tab right here. Boom. And type in client. Right there it is. And type in client. Right there it is. And type in client. Right there it is. And if you don't have it already installed, if you don't have it already installed, if you don't have it already installed, just click install. Once you install the just click install. Once you install the just click install. Once you install the extension, you need to open the primary extension, you need to open the primary extension, you need to open the primary sidebar. And there it is. There's sidebar. And there it is. There's sidebar. And there it is. There's client. You might have it on the right. client. You might have it on the right. client. You might have it on the right. So, if you prefer on the left like me, So, if you prefer on the left like me, So, if you prefer on the left like me, drag it to the left. Obviously, it's the drag it to the left. Obviously, it's the drag it to the left. Obviously, it's the superior position, but it's fine. You superior position, but it's fine. You superior position, but it's fine. You can still follow along even if you have can still follow along even if you have can still follow along even if you have it on the right. Anyways, this is what it on the right. Anyways, this is what it on the right. Anyways, this is what client looks like. Here we have a client looks like. Here we have a client looks like. Here we have a history of recent tasks. Obviously, if history of recent tasks. Obviously, if history of recent tasks. Obviously, if you just install it, it's going to be you just install it, it's going to be you just install it, it's going to be empty. At the bottom is the main chat empty. At the bottom is the main chat empty. At the bottom is the main chat input field. Above you can decide a lot input field. Above you can decide a lot input field. Above you can decide a lot more advanced settings such as which more advanced settings such as which more advanced settings such as which commands to order approve. Anyways, commands to order approve. Anyways, commands to order approve. Anyways, before we can use client, we have to set before we can use client, we have to set before we can use client, we have to set up a model, which means we have to up a model, which means we have to up a model, which means we have to choose a provider. So, go to the choose a provider. So, go to the choose a provider. So, go to the settings on the left. Click on API settings on the left. Click on API settings on the left. Click on API configuration. And here we have to configuration. And here we have to configuration. And here we have to decide which provider we're going to decide which provider we're going to decide which provider we're going to use. Now, this decision is very easy use. Now, this decision is very easy use. Now, this decision is very easy because there's one that allows you to because there's one that allows you to because there's one that allows you to use all of the models and that is open use all of the models and that is open use all of the models and that is open router. So, just go to open router.ai router. So, just go to open router.ai router. So, just go to open router.ai and create an account. This takes like and create an account. This takes like and create an account. This takes like 20 seconds, super easy. Then go to the 20 seconds, super easy. Then go to the 20 seconds, super easy. Then go to the top right, click on credits, and make top right, click on credits, and make top right, click on credits, and make sure you charge up some money. Just sure you charge up some money. Just sure you charge up some money. Just charge up like $5. Okay, that's going to charge up like $5. Okay, that's going to charge up like $5. Okay, that's going to be plenty because we can use open source be plenty because we can use open source be plenty because we can use open source models which are super efficient, right? models which are super efficient, right? models which are super efficient, right? For example, if you click on top right, For example, if you click on top right, For example, if you click on top right, you can see a list of all the new models you can see a list of all the new models you can see a list of all the new models that just released such as Ernie 4.5 21B that just released such as Ernie 4.5 21B that just released such as Ernie 4.5 21B A3B thinking. See, most people don't A3B thinking. See, most people don't A3B thinking. See, most people don't even know that Ernie 4.5 exists, which even know that Ernie 4.5 exists, which even know that Ernie 4.5 exists, which means they're falling behind. No, I'm means they're falling behind. No, I'm means they're falling behind. No, I'm just joking. But basically, here you just joking. But basically, here you just joking. But basically, here you have all the models that just released have all the models that just released have all the models that just released sorted by uh recency, but uh every sorted by uh recency, but uh every sorted by uh recency, but uh every single model you can think of, such as single model you can think of, such as single model you can think of, such as GLM 4.6, which is one of the best ones GLM 4.6, which is one of the best ones GLM 4.6, which is one of the best ones right now, or cloth zone is 4.5 or right now, or cloth zone is 4.5 or right now, or cloth zone is 4.5 or deepseek v3.2, every single model is deepseek v3.2, every single model is deepseek v3.2, every single model is available on open hour. That's why if available on open hour. That's why if available on open hour. That's why if you pay attention for the next 2 you pay attention for the next 2 you pay attention for the next 2 minutes, you will know not only how to minutes, you will know not only how to minutes, you will know not only how to use any extension, but also how to use use any extension, but also how to use use any extension, but also how to use any AI model that comes out. So go to any AI model that comes out. So go to any AI model that comes out. So go to the top right, click on keys and click the top right, click on keys and click the top right, click on keys and click on create API key. I'm going to name it on create API key. I'm going to name it on create API key. I'm going to name it subscribe. If you're watching this, make subscribe. If you're watching this, make subscribe. If you're watching this, make sure to subscribe. Takes 2 seconds and sure to subscribe. Takes 2 seconds and sure to subscribe. Takes 2 seconds and it's completely free. All right, so let it's completely free. All right, so let it's completely free. All right, so let me create a key and let's copy this. Now me create a key and let's copy this. Now me create a key and let's copy this. Now let me switch back to my empty project let me switch back to my empty project let me switch back to my empty project and I have to say do not share your API and I have to say do not share your API and I have to say do not share your API keys with anybody. Okay, treat them as keys with anybody. Okay, treat them as keys with anybody. Okay, treat them as passwords. Then inside of client, let's passwords. Then inside of client, let's passwords. Then inside of client, let's switch on API provider. Click on open switch on API provider. Click on open switch on API provider. Click on open router and then simply paste your API router and then simply paste your API router and then simply paste your API key. Next, we can select which model we key. Next, we can select which model we key. Next, we can select which model we want to use. So maybe you want to use want to use. So maybe you want to use want to use. So maybe you want to use GBT5. Boom. GBT5. There she is. Enable GBT5. Boom. GBT5. There she is. Enable GBT5. Boom. GBT5. There she is. Enable thinking. We do want to enable thinking. thinking. We do want to enable thinking. thinking. We do want to enable thinking. Let's do 6,000 tokens. And client Let's do 6,000 tokens. And client Let's do 6,000 tokens. And client already loads the correct pricing from already loads the correct pricing from already loads the correct pricing from open router. So you don't have to worry open router. So you don't have to worry open router. So you don't have to worry about setting up context window or input about setting up context window or input about setting up context window or input output price. This matches exactly GPD5 output price. This matches exactly GPD5 output price. This matches exactly GPD5 right here. Boom. You can see everything right here. Boom. You can see everything right here. Boom. You can see everything is matching. Okay. Let's click on done is matching. Okay. Let's click on done is matching. Okay. Let's click on done and let's send a test message. Who are and let's send a test message. Who are and let's send a test message. Who are you? We're in act mode. By the way, you you? We're in act mode. By the way, you you? We're in act mode. By the way, you can switch to plan mode if you don't can switch to plan mode if you don't can switch to plan mode if you don't want client to make changes. Okay. And want client to make changes. Okay. And want client to make changes. Okay. And there is the first response. Now, one there is the first response. Now, one there is the first response. Now, one thing you might notice is at the top we thing you might notice is at the top we thing you might notice is at the top we can see advanced context usage, right? can see advanced context usage, right? can see advanced context usage, right? This is something that's completely This is something that's completely This is something that's completely missing from cloth code or cursor. These missing from cloth code or cursor. These missing from cloth code or cursor. These tools have been like obscured. They have tools have been like obscured. They have tools have been like obscured. They have been not transparent around usage and been not transparent around usage and been not transparent around usage and people have been complaining that people have been complaining that people have been complaining that they're hitting their cloth code limits, they're hitting their cloth code limits, they're hitting their cloth code limits, their cursor limits way sooner than they their cursor limits way sooner than they their cursor limits way sooner than they used to. Right now, before we dive into used to. Right now, before we dive into used to. Right now, before we dive into the advanced settings of client, let's the advanced settings of client, let's the advanced settings of client, let's first talk about rue. So rue code, the first talk about rue. So rue code, the first talk about rue. So rue code, the easiest way to think about it is client easiest way to think about it is client easiest way to think about it is client but with powerups. It's best for but with powerups. It's best for but with powerups. It's best for intermediate vibe coders who want to intermediate vibe coders who want to intermediate vibe coders who want to have control over the system prompts, have control over the system prompts, have control over the system prompts, all the different models, just more all the different models, just more all the different models, just more customizability than client offers. For customizability than client offers. For customizability than client offers. For example, one feature is the slash example, one feature is the slash example, one feature is the slash commands, right? This is the clear commands, right? This is the clear commands, right? This is the clear philosophy of Ruko versus client. You philosophy of Ruko versus client. You philosophy of Ruko versus client. You can set up different slash commands can set up different slash commands can set up different slash commands similar to close code actually where if similar to close code actually where if similar to close code actually where if you find yourself repeating certain you find yourself repeating certain you find yourself repeating certain prompts, just turn it into slash prompts, just turn it into slash prompts, just turn it into slash commands and you save massive amount of commands and you save massive amount of commands and you save massive amount of time. By the way, we're adding the same time. By the way, we're adding the same time. By the way, we're adding the same feature into vectal. So instead of using feature into vectal. So instead of using feature into vectal. So instead of using notion where you have to repeat same notion where you have to repeat same notion where you have to repeat same thing over and over, just use vectali thing over and over, just use vectali thing over and over, just use vectali for your tasks. Speaking of Veectal, we for your tasks. Speaking of Veectal, we for your tasks. Speaking of Veectal, we have made massive improvements. For have made massive improvements. For have made massive improvements. For example, we have built-in Perplexity example, we have built-in Perplexity example, we have built-in Perplexity Pro. So, instead of paying $20 a month Pro. So, instead of paying $20 a month Pro. So, instead of paying $20 a month for Perplexity Pro, you just get Vectal for Perplexity Pro, you just get Vectal for Perplexity Pro, you just get Vectal and you get all of the AI models with and you get all of the AI models with and you get all of the AI models with it, right? We have Sony 4.5, GP4.1, GLM it, right? We have Sony 4.5, GP4.1, GLM it, right? We have Sony 4.5, GP4.1, GLM 4.6, all in a single app with a powerful 4.6, all in a single app with a powerful 4.6, all in a single app with a powerful chat, way more powerful than chat GP chat, way more powerful than chat GP chat, way more powerful than chat GP actually. We have SL commands. We have a actually. We have SL commands. We have a actually. We have SL commands. We have a productivity agent that can list out productivity agent that can list out productivity agent that can list out your task, list out my top tasks, and your task, list out my top tasks, and your task, list out my top tasks, and the chat agent can interact with the UI, the chat agent can interact with the UI, the chat agent can interact with the UI, right? So, this is really the ultimate right? So, this is really the ultimate right? So, this is really the ultimate productivity agent. Instead of using productivity agent. Instead of using productivity agent. Instead of using chat GBD which doesn't have a context on chat GBD which doesn't have a context on chat GBD which doesn't have a context on your tasks, your projects, what you are your tasks, your projects, what you are your tasks, your projects, what you are currently working on, right? Vexel knows currently working on, right? Vexel knows currently working on, right? Vexel knows all of that. You have your taskers here. all of that. You have your taskers here. all of that. You have your taskers here. If you want to switch to canvan view, If you want to switch to canvan view, If you want to switch to canvan view, you can do that. Now on the left, you you can do that. Now on the left, you you can do that. Now on the left, you have the sidebar where you can see all have the sidebar where you can see all have the sidebar where you can see all your projects and with each project you your projects and with each project you your projects and with each project you can set a custom system prompt so that can set a custom system prompt so that can set a custom system prompt so that the chat agent is specialized and the chat agent is specialized and the chat agent is specialized and focused just on that project. So if focused just on that project. So if focused just on that project. So if you're someone who likes to be you're someone who likes to be you're someone who likes to be hyperproductive and you want to have hyperproductive and you want to have hyperproductive and you want to have access to all of the cuttingedge AI access to all of the cuttingedge AI access to all of the cuttingedge AI models in a single spot, go to vectal.ai models in a single spot, go to vectal.ai models in a single spot, go to vectal.ai and give it a shot. You can get started and give it a shot. You can get started and give it a shot. You can get started completely for free. All right, let's go completely for free. All right, let's go completely for free. All right, let's go back to R code. So one of the biggest back to R code. So one of the biggest back to R code. So one of the biggest things you have to understand is things you have to understand is things you have to understand is indexing. And honestly this might be the indexing. And honestly this might be the indexing. And honestly this might be the biggest difference between client and biggest difference between client and biggest difference between client and root code is that root code indexes your root code is that root code indexes your root code is that root code indexes your entire codebase while client doesn't do entire codebase while client doesn't do entire codebase while client doesn't do it and they don't do it on purpose. Now it and they don't do it on purpose. Now it and they don't do it on purpose. Now you might be thinking okay David but you might be thinking okay David but you might be thinking okay David but what even is a codebase index. Well what even is a codebase index. Well what even is a codebase index. Well think of it as a multi-dimensional think of it as a multi-dimensional think of it as a multi-dimensional vector database of your codebase. Right? vector database of your codebase. Right? vector database of your codebase. Right? So your codebase gets converted into So your codebase gets converted into So your codebase gets converted into highdimensional vector embeddings and highdimensional vector embeddings and highdimensional vector embeddings and this enables you to search through it this enables you to search through it this enables you to search through it semantically. So when someone says semantically. So when someone says semantically. So when someone says authentication, you can get all authentication, you can get all authentication, you can get all different files related to different files related to different files related to authentication even if they don't authentication even if they don't authentication even if they don't necessarily mention that word. So here's necessarily mention that word. So here's necessarily mention that word. So here's a visualization of a three-dimensional a visualization of a three-dimensional a visualization of a three-dimensional vector database. Now in reality it can vector database. Now in reality it can vector database. Now in reality it can have thousands of different dimensions have thousands of different dimensions have thousands of different dimensions but basically if you have let's say but basically if you have let's say but basically if you have let's say front end you know files on the front front end you know files on the front front end you know files on the front end would be probably semantically far end would be probably semantically far end would be probably semantically far away from files on the back end or if away from files on the back end or if away from files on the back end or if they're about the same feature you know they're about the same feature you know they're about the same feature you know maybe a chat like in vector we have the maybe a chat like in vector we have the maybe a chat like in vector we have the chat right maybe a file about the chat chat right maybe a file about the chat chat right maybe a file about the chat could be semantically closer even if could be semantically closer even if could be semantically closer even if it's a front end or back end file right it's a front end or back end file right it's a front end or back end file right so when you index a codebase you take so when you index a codebase you take so when you index a codebase you take all of your files and all of your code all of your files and all of your code all of your files and all of your code and you put it into something that looks and you put it into something that looks and you put it into something that looks like this obviously with way more like this obviously with way more like this obviously with way more dimensions And this allows the tools to dimensions And this allows the tools to dimensions And this allows the tools to search faster, right? So the benefit of search faster, right? So the benefit of search faster, right? So the benefit of that inside of R code is that you have that inside of R code is that you have that inside of R code is that you have faster search. When you type in update faster search. When you type in update faster search. When you type in update the task list, it will know all of the the task list, it will know all of the the task list, it will know all of the files that related to tasks instantly, files that related to tasks instantly, files that related to tasks instantly, nearly instantly. The issue with that is nearly instantly. The issue with that is nearly instantly. The issue with that is um maybe some context gets loaded that um maybe some context gets loaded that um maybe some context gets loaded that you don't want loaded. And this is why you don't want loaded. And this is why you don't want loaded. And this is why client on purpose decided to not add client on purpose decided to not add client on purpose decided to not add indexing. This gives you the choice of indexing. This gives you the choice of indexing. This gives you the choice of choosing which context is inserted into choosing which context is inserted into choosing which context is inserted into the prompt. Plus also in theory it gives the prompt. Plus also in theory it gives the prompt. Plus also in theory it gives you ability to spend less money because you ability to spend less money because you ability to spend less money because let's say if some of these tokens that let's say if some of these tokens that let's say if some of these tokens that get sent each time are from the index. get sent each time are from the index. get sent each time are from the index. If you don't have any indexing you If you don't have any indexing you If you don't have any indexing you obviously don't pay for those extra obviously don't pay for those extra obviously don't pay for those extra tokens, right? So by using client you tokens, right? So by using client you tokens, right? So by using client you should save a bit of money on API costs. should save a bit of money on API costs. should save a bit of money on API costs. Now actually they wrote an entire Now actually they wrote an entire Now actually they wrote an entire article on this which I'm going to pop article on this which I'm going to pop article on this which I'm going to pop up on screen right here. They took a up on screen right here. They took a up on screen right here. They took a controversial stance against indexing controversial stance against indexing controversial stance against indexing saying that context windows are large saying that context windows are large saying that context windows are large enough. You can just tag the files that enough. You can just tag the files that enough. You can just tag the files that you need. you don't need to do this you need. you don't need to do this you need. you don't need to do this advanced indexing. Now, this is advanced indexing. Now, this is advanced indexing. Now, this is definitely controversial because almost definitely controversial because almost definitely controversial because almost every other coding tool does index your every other coding tool does index your every other coding tool does index your codebase. Now, let's look at some of the codebase. Now, let's look at some of the codebase. Now, let's look at some of the main reasons why people like to use R main reasons why people like to use R main reasons why people like to use R code over client. First of all, multiple code over client. First of all, multiple code over client. First of all, multiple specialized modes, right? So, if we jump specialized modes, right? So, if we jump specialized modes, right? So, if we jump back in, let me activate R code. And by back in, let me activate R code. And by back in, let me activate R code. And by the way, the setup is the same. You go the way, the setup is the same. You go the way, the setup is the same. You go into extensions, you type in R code, you into extensions, you type in R code, you into extensions, you type in R code, you click on the kangaroo right here. Boom. click on the kangaroo right here. Boom. click on the kangaroo right here. Boom. Shout out to all the Australians Shout out to all the Australians Shout out to all the Australians watching this channel. I don't know how watching this channel. I don't know how watching this channel. I don't know how many of you there are. If you are an many of you there are. If you are an many of you there are. If you are an Australian, comment below kangaroo. Australian, comment below kangaroo. Australian, comment below kangaroo. Anyways, you install the extension in Anyways, you install the extension in Anyways, you install the extension in the same way, right? And then you the same way, right? And then you the same way, right? And then you activate it. So, root code. You can see activate it. So, root code. You can see activate it. So, root code. You can see the logo right here. And it's very the logo right here. And it's very the logo right here. And it's very similar to client, the fork of client similar to client, the fork of client similar to client, the fork of client obviously, but uh you don't have the obviously, but uh you don't have the obviously, but uh you don't have the task button like new task and the chat task button like new task and the chat task button like new task and the chat is a bit cleaner. However, you have is a bit cleaner. However, you have is a bit cleaner. However, you have these modes, right? You have architect, these modes, right? You have architect, these modes, right? You have architect, you have code, ask, debug, and you have code, ask, debug, and you have code, ask, debug, and orchestrator. These are basically orchestrator. These are basically orchestrator. These are basically pre-built prompts that allow you to do pre-built prompts that allow you to do pre-built prompts that allow you to do different parts of your codebase. And different parts of your codebase. And different parts of your codebase. And honestly, I'm considering adding honestly, I'm considering adding honestly, I'm considering adding something similar into vectal, such as, something similar into vectal, such as, something similar into vectal, such as, you know, organizing your task, you know, organizing your task, you know, organizing your task, brainstorming new ideas, planning or brainstorming new ideas, planning or brainstorming new ideas, planning or research, different productivity research, different productivity research, different productivity actions. Let me know guys if you would actions. Let me know guys if you would actions. Let me know guys if you would like to see that. Basically, different like to see that. Basically, different like to see that. Basically, different modes for different types of modes for different types of modes for different types of productivity or task management actions productivity or task management actions productivity or task management actions that you do. Anyways, this is one of the that you do. Anyways, this is one of the that you do. Anyways, this is one of the biggest differences. You can also do biggest differences. You can also do biggest differences. You can also do mode marketplace where you can browse mode marketplace where you can browse mode marketplace where you can browse through different modes created by through different modes created by through different modes created by either the RU team, you can see at rue either the RU team, you can see at rue either the RU team, you can see at rue or just random people, right? So if you or just random people, right? So if you or just random people, right? So if you want to find something, you can find it want to find something, you can find it want to find something, you can find it in the marketplace. Same with the MCPS in the marketplace. Same with the MCPS in the marketplace. Same with the MCPS by the way. Another way to make your by the way. Another way to make your by the way. Another way to make your extension more powerful is to connect extension more powerful is to connect extension more powerful is to connect different MCPS. You can also use the different MCPS. You can also use the different MCPS. You can also use the vectal MCP here. Anywhere where MCPS are vectal MCP here. Anywhere where MCPS are vectal MCP here. Anywhere where MCPS are connected, you can use the ve MCP to connected, you can use the ve MCP to connected, you can use the ve MCP to manage your tasks directly from root manage your tasks directly from root manage your tasks directly from root code. So maybe you have a project with code. So maybe you have a project with code. So maybe you have a project with your tasks inside of actal and you just your tasks inside of actal and you just your tasks inside of actal and you just want root codes to execute them. You want root codes to execute them. You want root codes to execute them. You would connect the MCP and you would would connect the MCP and you would would connect the MCP and you would delegate it to the coding agent. The delegate it to the coding agent. The delegate it to the coding agent. The next feature people like about root code next feature people like about root code next feature people like about root code is the memory bank support which allows is the memory bank support which allows is the memory bank support which allows you to maintain project context and you to maintain project context and you to maintain project context and conic standards across different conic standards across different conic standards across different sessions. Basically creating memories of sessions. Basically creating memories of sessions. Basically creating memories of your codebase. It also has enhanced your codebase. It also has enhanced your codebase. It also has enhanced context understanding and better context understanding and better context understanding and better handling of large code bases. And I handling of large code bases. And I handling of large code bases. And I think this is because of the index think this is because of the index think this is because of the index because if your codebase is very very because if your codebase is very very because if your codebase is very very large, you cannot just tag all the files large, you cannot just tag all the files large, you cannot just tag all the files in the context window of a single in the context window of a single in the context window of a single prompt, right? So that's where the index prompt, right? So that's where the index prompt, right? So that's where the index comes into play. And we see that with comes into play. And we see that with comes into play. And we see that with other tools like augment which really other tools like augment which really other tools like augment which really stresses the indexing. Now there are a stresses the indexing. Now there are a stresses the indexing. Now there are a few other reasons why people prefer few other reasons why people prefer few other reasons why people prefer using ru. But let's just test it, right? using ru. But let's just test it, right? using ru. But let's just test it, right? Why not just to use it ourselves and you Why not just to use it ourselves and you Why not just to use it ourselves and you can make up your own mind. And this is can make up your own mind. And this is can make up your own mind. And this is what I would encourage all of you do. what I would encourage all of you do. what I would encourage all of you do. Just install these extensions like the Just install these extensions like the Just install these extensions like the setup is the same. You can use open setup is the same. You can use open setup is the same. You can use open router with all of these, right? Just go router with all of these, right? Just go router with all of these, right? Just go into settings. Boom. We have the into settings. Boom. We have the into settings. Boom. We have the providers on the left. Here I have a GLM providers on the left. Here I have a GLM providers on the left. Here I have a GLM setup through the GLM coding pass. But setup through the GLM coding pass. But setup through the GLM coding pass. But then I realized why not just use open then I realized why not just use open then I realized why not just use open router, right? We have GLM over here as router, right? We have GLM over here as router, right? We have GLM over here as well. And in a bit I'll explain why this well. And in a bit I'll explain why this well. And in a bit I'll explain why this model is so amazing. So stay tuned model is so amazing. So stay tuned model is so amazing. So stay tuned because this model might be the best because this model might be the best because this model might be the best open source coding model right now. So open source coding model right now. So open source coding model right now. So I'll deep dive into this model in a I'll deep dive into this model in a I'll deep dive into this model in a second explaining what makes it really second explaining what makes it really second explaining what makes it really good. But what I just realized is that good. But what I just realized is that good. But what I just realized is that instead of using this through the Z AI, instead of using this through the Z AI, instead of using this through the Z AI, you know, Zipu AI, GLM coding plan, you know, Zipu AI, GLM coding plan, you know, Zipu AI, GLM coding plan, which is a separate subscription and which is a separate subscription and which is a separate subscription and this and that, you have to set it up this and that, you have to set it up this and that, you have to set it up like I did here. OpenI compatible. You like I did here. OpenI compatible. You like I did here. OpenI compatible. You just use it through open router, right? just use it through open router, right? just use it through open router, right? So the beauty is that if we switch, we So the beauty is that if we switch, we So the beauty is that if we switch, we can add a new profile. Boom. Open can add a new profile. Boom. Open can add a new profile. Boom. Open router. Create profile provider. Let's router. Create profile provider. Let's router. Create profile provider. Let's type in open router. Here we will create type in open router. Here we will create type in open router. Here we will create a new key. But yeah, there we go. It a new key. But yeah, there we go. It a new key. But yeah, there we go. It also loads the limit. That's nice. And also loads the limit. That's nice. And also loads the limit. That's nice. And we can just choose the GLM right here. we can just choose the GLM right here. we can just choose the GLM right here. Make sure to use 4.6. That's the latest Make sure to use 4.6. That's the latest Make sure to use 4.6. That's the latest one. And uh reasoning effort. This is one. And uh reasoning effort. This is one. And uh reasoning effort. This is another benefit here. You can select the another benefit here. You can select the another benefit here. You can select the reasoning effort in root code. I'm going reasoning effort in root code. I'm going reasoning effort in root code. I'm going to go with high. You also have some to go with high. You also have some to go with high. You also have some advanced settings such as to-do list, advanced settings such as to-do list, advanced settings such as to-do list, editing, match precision. You can see editing, match precision. You can see editing, match precision. You can see that root code really is like more that root code really is like more that root code really is like more advanced version of client. So depending advanced version of client. So depending advanced version of client. So depending who you are, if you are a power user and who you are, if you are a power user and who you are, if you are a power user and you want all the control, maybe root you want all the control, maybe root you want all the control, maybe root code is a better option for you. If you code is a better option for you. If you code is a better option for you. If you prefer just a simple interface and you prefer just a simple interface and you prefer just a simple interface and you trust the creators of the tool to give trust the creators of the tool to give trust the creators of the tool to give you a nice setup, then client is a great you a nice setup, then client is a great you a nice setup, then client is a great alternative. Anyways, uh I think we all alternative. Anyways, uh I think we all alternative. Anyways, uh I think we all of these are good. Just make sure to set of these are good. Just make sure to set of these are good. Just make sure to set highing effort and then we can click on highing effort and then we can click on highing effort and then we can click on save and let's see if we actually hit save and let's see if we actually hit save and let's see if we actually hit GLM 4.6. And the beauty of running it GLM 4.6. And the beauty of running it GLM 4.6. And the beauty of running it through open router is that if one of through open router is that if one of through open router is that if one of the providers is down, right? So if we the providers is down, right? So if we the providers is down, right? So if we go to GLM 4.6, we can see that we have a go to GLM 4.6, we can see that we have a go to GLM 4.6, we can see that we have a Jud, Silicon Flow, Deep Infra, GMI Jud, Silicon Flow, Deep Infra, GMI Jud, Silicon Flow, Deep Infra, GMI Cloud, Atlas Cloud, Parasale, Novita AI, Cloud, Atlas Cloud, Parasale, Novita AI, Cloud, Atlas Cloud, Parasale, Novita AI, and ZAI. This is the official one, and ZAI. This is the official one, and ZAI. This is the official one, right? Zipi, those are the creators of right? Zipi, those are the creators of right? Zipi, those are the creators of GLM4.6, but you can see they have like GLM4.6, but you can see they have like GLM4.6, but you can see they have like pretty low throughput, right? And maybe pretty low throughput, right? And maybe pretty low throughput, right? And maybe their uptime is uh not 100%. So if they their uptime is uh not 100%. So if they their uptime is uh not 100%. So if they are down, open switches you to a are down, open switches you to a are down, open switches you to a different one. And if you click on different one. And if you click on different one. And if you click on providers, you can see the different up providers, you can see the different up providers, you can see the different up times and different throughputs and you times and different throughputs and you times and different throughputs and you can actually uh use the provider with can actually uh use the provider with can actually uh use the provider with the highest throughput to work as fast the highest throughput to work as fast the highest throughput to work as fast as possible. And in the uptime, you can as possible. And in the uptime, you can as possible. And in the uptime, you can see the difference, right? Like if you see the difference, right? Like if you see the difference, right? Like if you use a single provider, the uptime is not use a single provider, the uptime is not use a single provider, the uptime is not that good. But uh if you have the open that good. But uh if you have the open that good. But uh if you have the open router set up, you basically have 100% router set up, you basically have 100% router set up, you basically have 100% uptime always. And in the apps, you can uptime always. And in the apps, you can uptime always. And in the apps, you can see how people are using it. So we can see how people are using it. So we can see how people are using it. So we can see uh we have R code right here. We see uh we have R code right here. We see uh we have R code right here. We have client right here. And Kilo, which have client right here. And Kilo, which have client right here. And Kilo, which we're going to get to in a second, is we're going to get to in a second, is we're going to get to in a second, is the second highest user in terms of GLM the second highest user in terms of GLM the second highest user in terms of GLM 4.6 at the moment. But uh let's jump 4.6 at the moment. But uh let's jump 4.6 at the moment. But uh let's jump back and let's actually test it. So who back and let's actually test it. So who back and let's actually test it. So who created you? Let's see if it knows which created you? Let's see if it knows which created you? Let's see if it knows which AI created this model. Now, as you can AI created this model. Now, as you can AI created this model. Now, as you can see, R suggests tasks, follow-up tasks see, R suggests tasks, follow-up tasks see, R suggests tasks, follow-up tasks based on what you did. This makes it based on what you did. This makes it based on what you did. This makes it much easier for people who are not much easier for people who are not much easier for people who are not creative, right? If you are creative, creative, right? If you are creative, creative, right? If you are creative, you probably know what to do. But a lot you probably know what to do. But a lot you probably know what to do. But a lot of people are not sure what to do. So of people are not sure what to do. So of people are not sure what to do. So having these like one-click ways, you having these like one-click ways, you having these like one-click ways, you know, tell me more about yourself as a know, tell me more about yourself as a know, tell me more about yourself as a assistant. It's tries to predict your assistant. It's tries to predict your assistant. It's tries to predict your next action and just make it a oneclick next action and just make it a oneclick next action and just make it a oneclick thing. So as you can see, this is what thing. So as you can see, this is what thing. So as you can see, this is what it looks like when it answers. It says it looks like when it answers. It says it looks like when it answers. It says like task completed and you can see the like task completed and you can see the like task completed and you can see the details of the API request as well as details of the API request as well as details of the API request as well as the pricing as well as the thinking. You the pricing as well as the thinking. You the pricing as well as the thinking. You can expand that as well in the think can expand that as well in the think can expand that as well in the think tags. So you can already see the tags. So you can already see the tags. So you can already see the differences between the user interface differences between the user interface differences between the user interface and at the top we also have a different and at the top we also have a different and at the top we also have a different way of visualizing the context right by way of visualizing the context right by way of visualizing the context right by default it's a bit more compact but then default it's a bit more compact but then default it's a bit more compact but then you can expand it and you can see the you can expand it and you can see the you can expand it and you can see the details about the context length the details about the context length the details about the context length the input tokens output tokens API cost and input tokens output tokens API cost and input tokens output tokens API cost and the size in kilobytes so the creators of the size in kilobytes so the creators of the size in kilobytes so the creators of these extensions are opinionated in a these extensions are opinionated in a these extensions are opinionated in a different way and at the bottom you can different way and at the bottom you can different way and at the bottom you can see the codebase index right here you see the codebase index right here you see the codebase index right here you can also disable it if you want so if can also disable it if you want so if can also disable it if you want so if you want to use r code but you hate you want to use r code but you hate you want to use r code but you hate indexing it's still a possibility now as indexing it's still a possibility now as indexing it's still a possibility now as I promised let's talk about glm 4.6 I promised let's talk about glm 4.6 I promised let's talk about glm 4.6 because this is one of the best actually because this is one of the best actually because this is one of the best actually it is the best open source coding model it is the best open source coding model it is the best open source coding model right now and a lot of people don't even right now and a lot of people don't even right now and a lot of people don't even know that it exists. So before we talk know that it exists. So before we talk know that it exists. So before we talk about Kilo which we're going to get to about Kilo which we're going to get to about Kilo which we're going to get to let me quickly talk about GM 4.6 because let me quickly talk about GM 4.6 because let me quickly talk about GM 4.6 because man this model is amazing. Look at this. man this model is amazing. Look at this. man this model is amazing. Look at this. Right. So here we have eight different Right. So here we have eight different Right. So here we have eight different benchmarks comparing it to GM 4.5 benchmarks comparing it to GM 4.5 benchmarks comparing it to GM 4.5 previous version. Deepseek v3.2. So previous version. Deepseek v3.2. So previous version. Deepseek v3.2. So that's the latest version of deepseek that's the latest version of deepseek that's the latest version of deepseek cloth 4 set and clot 4.5 set the latest cloth 4 set and clot 4.5 set the latest cloth 4 set and clot 4.5 set the latest one from enthropic right chm 4.6 one from enthropic right chm 4.6 one from enthropic right chm 4.6 even beats cloth 4.5 set on multiple even beats cloth 4.5 set on multiple even beats cloth 4.5 set on multiple different benchmarks. So this isn't just different benchmarks. So this isn't just different benchmarks. So this isn't just some random new open source model that some random new open source model that some random new open source model that you can ignore. You cannot ignore this you can ignore. You cannot ignore this you can ignore. You cannot ignore this because this is beating the best because this is beating the best because this is beating the best enthropic model on several benchmarks, enthropic model on several benchmarks, enthropic model on several benchmarks, right? So we have AME25. This is math. right? So we have AME25. This is math. right? So we have AME25. This is math. You can see that GM 4.6 is the best at You can see that GM 4.6 is the best at You can see that GM 4.6 is the best at math. GPQ8 which stands for Google proof math. GPQ8 which stands for Google proof math. GPQ8 which stands for Google proof question answer. It's another very question answer. It's another very question answer. It's another very famous benchmark and you can see that famous benchmark and you can see that famous benchmark and you can see that here it almost matches sonet 4.5. Life here it almost matches sonet 4.5. Life here it almost matches sonet 4.5. Life codebench v6 it absolutely destroys codebench v6 it absolutely destroys codebench v6 it absolutely destroys sonet 4.5 we have hle I don't know what sonet 4.5 we have hle I don't know what sonet 4.5 we have hle I don't know what this benchmark is but with tool calling this benchmark is but with tool calling this benchmark is but with tool calling it's amazing right browse comp also it's amazing right browse comp also it's amazing right browse comp also beating enthropic swb bench verified beating enthropic swb bench verified beating enthropic swb bench verified this is where sonet is much better this is where sonet is much better this is where sonet is much better terminal bench also the new set defeats terminal bench also the new set defeats terminal bench also the new set defeats here and ts squared bench is also set is here and ts squared bench is also set is here and ts squared bench is also set is the best but gm 4.6 six is the best the best but gm 4.6 six is the best the best but gm 4.6 six is the best opensource model. So this model is opensource model. So this model is opensource model. So this model is actually really really strong and in actually really really strong and in actually really really strong and in some ways on some tasks it will be some ways on some tasks it will be some ways on some tasks it will be better than sonet 4.5 and this is why better than sonet 4.5 and this is why better than sonet 4.5 and this is why you absolutely cannot ignore these you absolutely cannot ignore these you absolutely cannot ignore these extensions right you might have cloud extensions right you might have cloud extensions right you might have cloud code you might have cursor neither of code you might have cursor neither of code you might have cursor neither of them have glm 4.6 right now which is them have glm 4.6 right now which is them have glm 4.6 right now which is just crazy right so if you're using just crazy right so if you're using just crazy right so if you're using codex if you're using cloud code these codex if you're using cloud code these codex if you're using cloud code these are great tools right and at the end are great tools right and at the end are great tools right and at the end I'll tell you what my thoughts are and I'll tell you what my thoughts are and I'll tell you what my thoughts are and what my current setup looks like because what my current setup looks like because what my current setup looks like because there is still a time and place to use there is still a time and place to use there is still a time and place to use codex and cloud code obviously but you codex and cloud code obviously but you codex and cloud code obviously but you really cannot ignore these extensions really cannot ignore these extensions really cannot ignore these extensions because this is the way to use models because this is the way to use models because this is the way to use models like GM 4.6 that don't really get the like GM 4.6 that don't really get the like GM 4.6 that don't really get the mainstream attention but are crushing mainstream attention but are crushing mainstream attention but are crushing these benchmarks and in many ways they these benchmarks and in many ways they these benchmarks and in many ways they are much more cost- effective than are much more cost- effective than are much more cost- effective than enthropic models which are usually the enthropic models which are usually the enthropic models which are usually the more expensive types of models. Speaking more expensive types of models. Speaking more expensive types of models. Speaking of cost, let me break it down for you. of cost, let me break it down for you. of cost, let me break it down for you. GLM 4.6 currently costs 17th of the GLM 4.6 currently costs 17th of the GLM 4.6 currently costs 17th of the price of cloth sonet 4.5. And as you can price of cloth sonet 4.5. And as you can price of cloth sonet 4.5. And as you can see, it is a comparative model. It's not see, it is a comparative model. It's not see, it is a comparative model. It's not like it's significantly worse. It's like it's significantly worse. It's like it's significantly worse. It's literally comparable on some tasks is literally comparable on some tasks is literally comparable on some tasks is even better. And it costs 17th. So set even better. And it costs 17th. So set even better. And it costs 17th. So set 4.5 costs $3 per million input tokens 4.5 costs $3 per million input tokens 4.5 costs $3 per million input tokens and 15 for output. GLM 4.6 index costs and 15 for output. GLM 4.6 index costs and 15 for output. GLM 4.6 index costs $0.5 per million input tokens and 175 $0.5 per million input tokens and 175 $0.5 per million input tokens and 175 per million output tokens. Now if you per million output tokens. Now if you per million output tokens. Now if you look at this artificial analysis coding look at this artificial analysis coding look at this artificial analysis coding index created by client we can see that index created by client we can see that index created by client we can see that the evolution of opensource models right the evolution of opensource models right the evolution of opensource models right so back in 2023 Llama 2 Mr. large. These so back in 2023 Llama 2 Mr. large. These so back in 2023 Llama 2 Mr. large. These models were very behind the closer models were very behind the closer models were very behind the closer models. However, we can see that models. However, we can see that models. However, we can see that recently there has been a closing of the recently there has been a closing of the recently there has been a closing of the gap. Thanks to models like Deep Seek R1 gap. Thanks to models like Deep Seek R1 gap. Thanks to models like Deep Seek R1 or Quen 3, we can see that the cutting or Quen 3, we can see that the cutting or Quen 3, we can see that the cutting edge of closed source models isn't that edge of closed source models isn't that edge of closed source models isn't that much far ahead compared to the cutting much far ahead compared to the cutting much far ahead compared to the cutting edge closers models. And it is entirely edge closers models. And it is entirely edge closers models. And it is entirely possible that 3 months from now, 6 possible that 3 months from now, 6 possible that 3 months from now, 6 months from now, most of us will be months from now, most of us will be months from now, most of us will be using mainly open source models such as using mainly open source models such as using mainly open source models such as GLM 4.6, 6, which already is beating a GLM 4.6, 6, which already is beating a GLM 4.6, 6, which already is beating a lot of these closers models on multiple lot of these closers models on multiple lot of these closers models on multiple different EVAs. Now, honestly, I might different EVAs. Now, honestly, I might different EVAs. Now, honestly, I might make an entire video on GLM 4.6 and how make an entire video on GLM 4.6 and how make an entire video on GLM 4.6 and how good it is compared to other models and good it is compared to other models and good it is compared to other models and actually building a full software actually building a full software actually building a full software project with it. So, if you don't want project with it. So, if you don't want project with it. So, if you don't want to miss that, make sure to subscribe. to miss that, make sure to subscribe. to miss that, make sure to subscribe. But now, let's look at Kilo, which I've But now, let's look at Kilo, which I've But now, let's look at Kilo, which I've hyped up throughout this video. And hyped up throughout this video. And hyped up throughout this video. And there's a good reason because right now, there's a good reason because right now, there's a good reason because right now, this is my favorite out of these three. this is my favorite out of these three. this is my favorite out of these three. And you'll see why. Kilo code is if you And you'll see why. Kilo code is if you And you'll see why. Kilo code is if you want everything from root code plus some want everything from root code plus some want everything from root code plus some more features while having a simpler more features while having a simpler more features while having a simpler cleaner UI. So basically it takes the cleaner UI. So basically it takes the cleaner UI. So basically it takes the best parts of client and the best parts best parts of client and the best parts best parts of client and the best parts of root code and puts it into a new of root code and puts it into a new of root code and puts it into a new tool. Now there is a reason why kilo is tool. Now there is a reason why kilo is tool. Now there is a reason why kilo is often in the top two or top three in often in the top two or top three in often in the top two or top three in open router usage because uh people are open router usage because uh people are open router usage because uh people are loving this extension. So as I said it loving this extension. So as I said it loving this extension. So as I said it has the cleanest UI and the most has the cleanest UI and the most has the cleanest UI and the most customizability. For example, the customizability. For example, the customizability. For example, the autocomplete you can select the triggers autocomplete you can select the triggers autocomplete you can select the triggers such as pause to complete. So when this such as pause to complete. So when this such as pause to complete. So when this is enabled, Kilo will automatically is enabled, Kilo will automatically is enabled, Kilo will automatically trigger autocomplete when you pause trigger autocomplete when you pause trigger autocomplete when you pause typing. And here you can even select the typing. And here you can even select the typing. And here you can even select the delay such as 3 seconds. Now actually delay such as 3 seconds. Now actually delay such as 3 seconds. Now actually while I'm explaining these features, why while I'm explaining these features, why while I'm explaining these features, why not just launch it, right? So again, not just launch it, right? So again, not just launch it, right? So again, extensions. Boom. You type in kilo code. extensions. Boom. You type in kilo code. extensions. Boom. You type in kilo code. There we go. Kilo code AI agent. Looks There we go. Kilo code AI agent. Looks There we go. Kilo code AI agent. Looks like this. Install it. You can already like this. Install it. You can already like this. Install it. You can already see the UI is cleaner, right? It's less see the UI is cleaner, right? It's less see the UI is cleaner, right? It's less overwhelming, less cluttered, which is overwhelming, less cluttered, which is overwhelming, less cluttered, which is what I like. Now I'm going to start it what I like. Now I'm going to start it what I like. Now I'm going to start it on this project. You can see I don't on this project. You can see I don't on this project. You can see I don't have any files. So it's going to be have any files. So it's going to be have any files. So it's going to be completely from scratch. And we're going completely from scratch. And we're going completely from scratch. And we're going to use the architect mode. You can see to use the architect mode. You can see to use the architect mode. You can see these modes are similar from rue because these modes are similar from rue because these modes are similar from rue because it's built on top of ru code. So let me it's built on top of ru code. So let me it's built on top of ru code. So let me paste in my prompt which is basically paste in my prompt which is basically paste in my prompt which is basically YouTube jobs but for AI video creators. YouTube jobs but for AI video creators. YouTube jobs but for AI video creators. So if you don't know what YouTube jobs So if you don't know what YouTube jobs So if you don't know what YouTube jobs is, it's like a site where you can get is, it's like a site where you can get is, it's like a site where you can get hired as a video editor, right? Or hired as a video editor, right? Or hired as a video editor, right? Or family creator. This build idea and let family creator. This build idea and let family creator. This build idea and let me just launch it real quick is that but me just launch it real quick is that but me just launch it real quick is that but for AI video clips. So you have Soda 2, for AI video clips. So you have Soda 2, for AI video clips. So you have Soda 2, you have VO3. AI video is improving you have VO3. AI video is improving you have VO3. AI video is improving fast, right? And there will be people fast, right? And there will be people fast, right? And there will be people who master the creation of AI clips. And who master the creation of AI clips. And who master the creation of AI clips. And there will also be plenty of YouTubers there will also be plenty of YouTubers there will also be plenty of YouTubers and content creators who will pay for and content creators who will pay for and content creators who will pay for that. Right now, you have to buy that. Right now, you have to buy that. Right now, you have to buy expensive stock footage, but that is no expensive stock footage, but that is no expensive stock footage, but that is no longer the case. You'll just hire an longer the case. You'll just hire an longer the case. You'll just hire an expert AI video creator who has mastered expert AI video creator who has mastered expert AI video creator who has mastered the latest prompt engineering and the latest prompt engineering and the latest prompt engineering and context engineering techniques and he context engineering techniques and he context engineering techniques and he will give you custom on demand clips, will give you custom on demand clips, will give you custom on demand clips, any aspect ratio, any realism or, you any aspect ratio, any realism or, you any aspect ratio, any realism or, you know, any art style you want. This is a know, any art style you want. This is a know, any art style you want. This is a new position that doesn't exist yet that new position that doesn't exist yet that new position that doesn't exist yet that will emerge over the next 6 months and will emerge over the next 6 months and will emerge over the next 6 months and they'll probably become a marketplace of they'll probably become a marketplace of they'll probably become a marketplace of these clips because you have like runway these clips because you have like runway these clips because you have like runway VO sora all kinds of different tools VO sora all kinds of different tools VO sora all kinds of different tools that are being created and more coming that are being created and more coming that are being created and more coming from China. There has to be a single from China. There has to be a single from China. There has to be a single marketplace when you can find these or marketplace when you can find these or marketplace when you can find these or sell these or create these right so this sell these or create these right so this sell these or create these right so this is what we're going to be building right is what we're going to be building right is what we're going to be building right now or at least the MVP of it. Okay. now or at least the MVP of it. Okay. now or at least the MVP of it. Okay. Okay, so you can see Kilo has asked me a Okay, so you can see Kilo has asked me a Okay, so you can see Kilo has asked me a question. What's your preferred question. What's your preferred question. What's your preferred deployment environment for the MVP local deployment environment for the MVP local deployment environment for the MVP local deployment only? Simple cloud hosting deployment only? Simple cloud hosting deployment only? Simple cloud hosting like Versell or Railway Render or AS. like Versell or Railway Render or AS. like Versell or Railway Render or AS. Okay, so we're not going to do any of Okay, so we're not going to do any of Okay, so we're not going to do any of these uh hyperscalers. That's way too these uh hyperscalers. That's way too these uh hyperscalers. That's way too try hard. We're just going to start with try hard. We're just going to start with try hard. We're just going to start with local right now. And this is really nice local right now. And this is really nice local right now. And this is really nice that it's asking these because it lets that it's asking these because it lets that it's asking these because it lets you scope out what you're building. Are you scope out what you're building. Are you scope out what you're building. Are you building a quick MVP to validate or you building a quick MVP to validate or you building a quick MVP to validate or invalidate your idea or are you trying invalidate your idea or are you trying invalidate your idea or are you trying to build a serious app that needs to be to build a serious app that needs to be to build a serious app that needs to be deployed across like Kubernetes, deployed across like Kubernetes, deployed across like Kubernetes, containers, whatever. So this is the containers, whatever. So this is the containers, whatever. So this is the architect mode, right? It's really um architect mode, right? It's really um architect mode, right? It's really um tries to understand your vision and it tries to understand your vision and it tries to understand your vision and it tries to understand like what you're tries to understand like what you're tries to understand like what you're trying to aim. If you want to execute, trying to aim. If you want to execute, trying to aim. If you want to execute, you have the code mode. If you want to you have the code mode. If you want to you have the code mode. If you want to debug, you have the debug. There's debug, you have the debug. There's debug, you have the debug. There's multiple different modes for a reason, multiple different modes for a reason, multiple different modes for a reason, right? All right. Next question. For the right? All right. Next question. For the right? All right. Next question. For the job marketplace, what's the primary job marketplace, what's the primary job marketplace, what's the primary workflow? I think both workflows or workflow? I think both workflows or workflow? I think both workflows or actually we can probably do this one. So actually we can probably do this one. So actually we can probably do this one. So let's cancel this and let's uh select let's cancel this and let's uh select let's cancel this and let's uh select this one instead. Perfect. Now I have a this one instead. Perfect. Now I have a this one instead. Perfect. Now I have a clear understanding of the requirements. clear understanding of the requirements. clear understanding of the requirements. Let me create a comprehensive to-do list Let me create a comprehensive to-do list Let me create a comprehensive to-do list based on your plan. So before it jumps based on your plan. So before it jumps based on your plan. So before it jumps into work, it creates to-do list. And into work, it creates to-do list. And into work, it creates to-do list. And you can see at the top, this is the you can see at the top, this is the you can see at the top, this is the beauty of Kilo. You see this beautiful beauty of Kilo. You see this beautiful beauty of Kilo. You see this beautiful visualization of the context. You can visualization of the context. You can visualization of the context. You can see like view AI response and you can see like view AI response and you can see like view AI response and you can click to any of these and you can see click to any of these and you can see click to any of these and you can see what's taking up context window right what's taking up context window right what's taking up context window right here. Very nice visualization. I think here. Very nice visualization. I think here. Very nice visualization. I think we're going to see more AI tools we're going to see more AI tools we're going to see more AI tools implementing stuff like that. Actually, implementing stuff like that. Actually, implementing stuff like that. Actually, I'm considering adding stuff like that I'm considering adding stuff like that I'm considering adding stuff like that into vectal to visually see your context into vectal to visually see your context into vectal to visually see your context build up. It's nice to have the complete build up. It's nice to have the complete build up. It's nice to have the complete control over the context window. And control over the context window. And control over the context window. And here we have the complete to-do list here we have the complete to-do list here we have the complete to-do list that kilo created. It's like 13 that kilo created. It's like 13 that kilo created. It's like 13 different things. Kind of comprehensive different things. Kind of comprehensive different things. Kind of comprehensive to be honest. And now it's creating the to be honest. And now it's creating the to be honest. And now it's creating the architecture.md. architecture.md. architecture.md. Very nice. So instead of jumping Very nice. So instead of jumping Very nice. So instead of jumping straight into code, it creates some straight into code, it creates some straight into code, it creates some markdown files to plan it ahead. And markdown files to plan it ahead. And markdown files to plan it ahead. And this is really the future of AI this is really the future of AI this is really the future of AI programming. I think the vibe coding is programming. I think the vibe coding is programming. I think the vibe coding is dead. Actually, I tweeted this today and dead. Actually, I tweeted this today and dead. Actually, I tweeted this today and it caused some controversy. If you don't it caused some controversy. If you don't it caused some controversy. If you don't follow me on Twitter, David one, go follow me on Twitter, David one, go follow me on Twitter, David one, go follow me right now because uh you're follow me right now because uh you're follow me right now because uh you're missing out on the spicy takes that I missing out on the spicy takes that I missing out on the spicy takes that I cannot put on Twitter. Anyways, vibe cannot put on Twitter. Anyways, vibe cannot put on Twitter. Anyways, vibe coding is dead and we have killed it. coding is dead and we have killed it. coding is dead and we have killed it. The problem with vi coding is all the The problem with vi coding is all the The problem with vi coding is all the like low-level people that it attracts, like low-level people that it attracts, like low-level people that it attracts, all the people who just like type in a all the people who just like type in a all the people who just like type in a single prompt and they just want to make single prompt and they just want to make single prompt and they just want to make money fast, right? Those type of people money fast, right? Those type of people money fast, right? Those type of people who think building software is just a who think building software is just a who think building software is just a joke. It's not a serious endeavor. So, joke. It's not a serious endeavor. So, joke. It's not a serious endeavor. So, there's a big difference between vibe there's a big difference between vibe there's a big difference between vibe coding and AI programming. And I want to coding and AI programming. And I want to coding and AI programming. And I want to focus on AI programming going forward focus on AI programming going forward focus on AI programming going forward because that's what the serious people because that's what the serious people because that's what the serious people do and that's where the future lies in do and that's where the future lies in do and that's where the future lies in building great production ready software building great production ready software building great production ready software that is fast, reliable, scalable and you that is fast, reliable, scalable and you that is fast, reliable, scalable and you can see that kilo especially in the can see that kilo especially in the can see that kilo especially in the architect mode really is optimized for architect mode really is optimized for architect mode really is optimized for AI programming. This is far beyond vi AI programming. This is far beyond vi AI programming. This is far beyond vi coding. We can see that this coding coding. We can see that this coding coding. We can see that this coding agent goes and creates multiple markdown agent goes and creates multiple markdown agent goes and creates multiple markdown files before even writing a single line files before even writing a single line files before even writing a single line of code. The amount of planning and of code. The amount of planning and of code. The amount of planning and thinking ahead is honestly impressive. thinking ahead is honestly impressive. thinking ahead is honestly impressive. And we can see that this agent is And we can see that this agent is And we can see that this agent is running like it is putting in the work, running like it is putting in the work, running like it is putting in the work, right? I'm not doing anything. My hands right? I'm not doing anything. My hands right? I'm not doing anything. My hands are lifted and it is using GLM 4.6 to go are lifted and it is using GLM 4.6 to go are lifted and it is using GLM 4.6 to go through this to-do list to design the through this to-do list to design the through this to-do list to design the data model schema mock the data services data model schema mock the data services data model schema mock the data services implement user authentication system implement user authentication system implement user authentication system mocked before even writing any code so mocked before even writing any code so mocked before even writing any code so that it can plan it ahead. It can see that it can plan it ahead. It can see that it can plan it ahead. It can see like okay based on what the user has like okay based on what the user has like okay based on what the user has told me, based on the complexity of the told me, based on the complexity of the told me, based on the complexity of the system, what is the best text stack? system, what is the best text stack? system, what is the best text stack? What is the best codebase structure? What is the best codebase structure? What is the best codebase structure? What is the best modular system? What is What is the best modular system? What is What is the best modular system? What is the best file length? What is the best the best file length? What is the best the best file length? What is the best uh naming scheme for the functions and uh naming scheme for the functions and uh naming scheme for the functions and files? All of these things are like less files? All of these things are like less files? All of these things are like less about coding, more about architecture, about coding, more about architecture, about coding, more about architecture, right? I mean, we're in the architect right? I mean, we're in the architect right? I mean, we're in the architect mode. So, this is like software mode. So, this is like software mode. So, this is like software architecture, software design. This is architecture, software design. This is architecture, software design. This is what VIP corders have zero clue about. what VIP corders have zero clue about. what VIP corders have zero clue about. Now, honestly, the architect mode might Now, honestly, the architect mode might Now, honestly, the architect mode might have been an overkill for this MVP. So, have been an overkill for this MVP. So, have been an overkill for this MVP. So, I'm going to start a new task while this I'm going to start a new task while this I'm going to start a new task while this is running. And it's going to be in the is running. And it's going to be in the is running. And it's going to be in the code mode. Same prompt. I was just going code mode. Same prompt. I was just going code mode. Same prompt. I was just going to say now get to work and make this to say now get to work and make this to say now get to work and make this happen. The fewer lines of code the happen. The fewer lines of code the happen. The fewer lines of code the better. This is one one of my favorite better. This is one one of my favorite better. This is one one of my favorite pros by the way. The fewer lines of code pros by the way. The fewer lines of code pros by the way. The fewer lines of code the better. Really great when doing AI the better. Really great when doing AI the better. Really great when doing AI programming. Now because we already have programming. Now because we already have programming. Now because we already have the architecture and system flows files the architecture and system flows files the architecture and system flows files created from the architect earlier. The created from the architect earlier. The created from the architect earlier. The coding agent now can execute way faster. coding agent now can execute way faster. coding agent now can execute way faster. And I already gave it a pretty detailed And I already gave it a pretty detailed And I already gave it a pretty detailed prompt. So it should be it should be prompt. So it should be it should be prompt. So it should be it should be doing just fine. Now while this is doing just fine. Now while this is doing just fine. Now while this is running, let me explain another reasons running, let me explain another reasons running, let me explain another reasons why people like kilo over ru or client. why people like kilo over ru or client. why people like kilo over ru or client. For example, we have the quick task For example, we have the quick task For example, we have the quick task which is similar to command k inside of which is similar to command k inside of which is similar to command k inside of cursor. So actually I can show you that cursor. So actually I can show you that cursor. So actually I can show you that just right here. So maybe I don't like just right here. So maybe I don't like just right here. So maybe I don't like the structure of this job class. I can the structure of this job class. I can the structure of this job class. I can do command k. I can say um simplify this do command k. I can say um simplify this do command k. I can say um simplify this class, right? And this is basically class, right? And this is basically class, right? And this is basically targeting a single isolated portion of targeting a single isolated portion of targeting a single isolated portion of the code. And see it removed some the code. And see it removed some the code. And see it removed some sections. I'm going to undo that because sections. I'm going to undo that because sections. I'm going to undo that because that's messing with the plan that Kilo that's messing with the plan that Kilo that's messing with the plan that Kilo proposed. Command I is the same feature proposed. Command I is the same feature proposed. Command I is the same feature inside of Kilo. And then also the manual inside of Kilo. And then also the manual inside of Kilo. And then also the manual autocomplete. This is very interesting. autocomplete. This is very interesting. autocomplete. This is very interesting. If you need a quick fix completion or a If you need a quick fix completion or a If you need a quick fix completion or a refactor, Kilo can use the surrounding refactor, Kilo can use the surrounding refactor, Kilo can use the surrounding context to offer immediate improvements, context to offer immediate improvements, context to offer immediate improvements, right? And this is a autocomplete. So right? And this is a autocomplete. So right? And this is a autocomplete. So you don't have to specify what you need. you don't have to specify what you need. you don't have to specify what you need. It's basically like a command K, but it It's basically like a command K, but it It's basically like a command K, but it tries to guess your intent. And this tries to guess your intent. And this tries to guess your intent. And this really shows that the team behind Kilo really shows that the team behind Kilo really shows that the team behind Kilo is experimenting fast with new features. is experimenting fast with new features. is experimenting fast with new features. And I would say they're the fastest And I would say they're the fastest And I would say they're the fastest moving of these three AI coding moving of these three AI coding moving of these three AI coding extensions. And we've also seen this extensions. And we've also seen this extensions. And we've also seen this with the speed of adding GLM 4.6. Right? with the speed of adding GLM 4.6. Right? with the speed of adding GLM 4.6. Right? So this is a as we've said this is a So this is a as we've said this is a So this is a as we've said this is a very powerful model that is the best very powerful model that is the best very powerful model that is the best open source coding model right now. I open source coding model right now. I open source coding model right now. I would say the best coding model is would say the best coding model is would say the best coding model is definitely GPD5 codex with high definitely GPD5 codex with high definitely GPD5 codex with high reasoning effort. But more more on codex reasoning effort. But more more on codex reasoning effort. But more more on codex in a bit. But you can see that GLM 4.6 in a bit. But you can see that GLM 4.6 in a bit. But you can see that GLM 4.6 was added by Kilo on September 30th, was added by Kilo on September 30th, was added by Kilo on September 30th, while Klein took three more days. Still while Klein took three more days. Still while Klein took three more days. Still was fast, but Kilo is really on top of was fast, but Kilo is really on top of was fast, but Kilo is really on top of it. These guys are grinding now. Because it. These guys are grinding now. Because it. These guys are grinding now. Because of how logged in the team behind Kilo of how logged in the team behind Kilo of how logged in the team behind Kilo is, I reached out to them asking if they is, I reached out to them asking if they is, I reached out to them asking if they want to partner on future videos, and want to partner on future videos, and want to partner on future videos, and they responded within like 2 hours. So, they responded within like 2 hours. So, they responded within like 2 hours. So, I was like, "Listen guys, I'm making a I was like, "Listen guys, I'm making a I was like, "Listen guys, I'm making a video on AI code extensions. Do you want video on AI code extensions. Do you want video on AI code extensions. Do you want to sponsor this one?" And they agreed. to sponsor this one?" And they agreed. to sponsor this one?" And they agreed. So, I'm not changing any of the So, I'm not changing any of the So, I'm not changing any of the conclusions I said, but I do want to conclusions I said, but I do want to conclusions I said, but I do want to tell you about the team plan of Kilo. So tell you about the team plan of Kilo. So tell you about the team plan of Kilo. So if you are someone in charge of a team if you are someone in charge of a team if you are someone in charge of a team of developers, you really need to look of developers, you really need to look of developers, you really need to look into the Kilo team plan because this is into the Kilo team plan because this is into the Kilo team plan because this is one of the best offerings I've seen. one of the best offerings I've seen. one of the best offerings I've seen. First of all, you get smart controls. So First of all, you get smart controls. So First of all, you get smart controls. So you can see that your team isn't using you can see that your team isn't using you can see that your team isn't using models that are leaking your data. A lot models that are leaking your data. A lot models that are leaking your data. A lot of these model providers actually train of these model providers actually train of these model providers actually train on your data. And if you have a on your data. And if you have a on your data. And if you have a proprietary codebase, like a lot of proprietary codebase, like a lot of proprietary codebase, like a lot of serious companies do, you need to make serious companies do, you need to make serious companies do, you need to make sure that nobody on your team uses these sure that nobody on your team uses these sure that nobody on your team uses these models. With the Kilo team plan, this is models. With the Kilo team plan, this is models. With the Kilo team plan, this is super easy. There's also zero login. super easy. There's also zero login. super easy. There's also zero login. Kilo is open source, so you can use Kilo is open source, so you can use Kilo is open source, so you can use their API or you can use your own keys. their API or you can use your own keys. their API or you can use your own keys. You can even use local models. It's You can even use local models. It's You can even use local models. It's completely up to you. And honestly, if completely up to you. And honestly, if completely up to you. And honestly, if you are smart, the Kilo team plan will you are smart, the Kilo team plan will you are smart, the Kilo team plan will actually save you money because you can actually save you money because you can actually save you money because you can see who on your team is overperformer, see who on your team is overperformer, see who on your team is overperformer, overachiever, who deserves the next overachiever, who deserves the next overachiever, who deserves the next promotion, and who's kind of falling promotion, and who's kind of falling promotion, and who's kind of falling behind, you know, kind of not using the behind, you know, kind of not using the behind, you know, kind of not using the tools, not really adopting to the tools, not really adopting to the tools, not really adopting to the cutting edge of AI. Plus, it lets you cutting edge of AI. Plus, it lets you cutting edge of AI. Plus, it lets you ensure that everyone on your team is ensure that everyone on your team is ensure that everyone on your team is using the latest and greatest AI model using the latest and greatest AI model using the latest and greatest AI model out there. So if you want to build a out there. So if you want to build a out there. So if you want to build a serious software company or if you serious software company or if you serious software company or if you already lead a team of developers, the already lead a team of developers, the already lead a team of developers, the kilo plan for teams is really something kilo plan for teams is really something kilo plan for teams is really something you should look at. It's going to be you should look at. It's going to be you should look at. It's going to be linked below the video and the amount of linked below the video and the amount of linked below the video and the amount of things you get for single subscription things you get for single subscription things you get for single subscription is kind of crazy. So again, go check it is kind of crazy. So again, go check it is kind of crazy. So again, go check it out and thank you to Kilo for sponsoring out and thank you to Kilo for sponsoring out and thank you to Kilo for sponsoring this segment of the video. So anyways, this segment of the video. So anyways, this segment of the video. So anyways, let's jump back to see where the coding let's jump back to see where the coding let's jump back to see where the coding agent is. So it's creating the back end. agent is. So it's creating the back end. agent is. So it's creating the back end. Okay, we can see that the this is a Okay, we can see that the this is a Okay, we can see that the this is a proper codebase structure. It's actually proper codebase structure. It's actually proper codebase structure. It's actually taking way longer than I expected. And taking way longer than I expected. And taking way longer than I expected. And as you can see, Kilo has these nice as you can see, Kilo has these nice as you can see, Kilo has these nice checkpoints that you can return at any checkpoints that you can return at any checkpoints that you can return at any moment in case something went wrong. moment in case something went wrong. moment in case something went wrong. Right now, obviously, if you work on a Right now, obviously, if you work on a Right now, obviously, if you work on a serious project, you should learn how to serious project, you should learn how to serious project, you should learn how to use Git. A lot of you guys are scared of use Git. A lot of you guys are scared of use Git. A lot of you guys are scared of Git for no reason. Now, Git, not to be Git for no reason. Now, Git, not to be Git for no reason. Now, Git, not to be confused with GitHub, is a version confused with GitHub, is a version confused with GitHub, is a version control system, right? So, it allows you control system, right? So, it allows you control system, right? So, it allows you to do basically these checkpoints, but to do basically these checkpoints, but to do basically these checkpoints, but in a much more scalable and professional in a much more scalable and professional in a much more scalable and professional way. And again, if you're just building way. And again, if you're just building way. And again, if you're just building a quick MVP, maybe you don't need to set a quick MVP, maybe you don't need to set a quick MVP, maybe you don't need to set up a git repo. But if you are working on up a git repo. But if you are working on up a git repo. But if you are working on something for more than a day, okay, something for more than a day, okay, something for more than a day, okay, more than a day, you absolutely do need more than a day, you absolutely do need more than a day, you absolutely do need to set up a git repo. And that's where to set up a git repo. And that's where to set up a git repo. And that's where GitHub comes into place because GitHub GitHub comes into place because GitHub GitHub comes into place because GitHub is a way to just store different Git is a way to just store different Git is a way to just store different Git repositories, right? But Git is just a repositories, right? But Git is just a repositories, right? But Git is just a version control system. So if you want version control system. So if you want version control system. So if you want to visit a version before you did a to visit a version before you did a to visit a version before you did a risky change, right? An older version of risky change, right? An older version of risky change, right? An older version of your code, that's where Git comes into your code, that's where Git comes into your code, that's where Git comes into place. So these checkpoints, don't let place. So these checkpoints, don't let place. So these checkpoints, don't let these fool you, okay? A lot of vibe these fool you, okay? A lot of vibe these fool you, okay? A lot of vibe coders would rely on these checkpoints. coders would rely on these checkpoints. coders would rely on these checkpoints. That's a huge mistake, guys. Just learn That's a huge mistake, guys. Just learn That's a huge mistake, guys. Just learn how to use git. It is super simple. how to use git. It is super simple. how to use git. It is super simple. Actually, in the new society, we have a Actually, in the new society, we have a Actually, in the new society, we have a module just on this, right? So this is module just on this, right? So this is module just on this, right? So this is inside of the classroom right here in inside of the classroom right here in inside of the classroom right here in the section code with AI. Here we have the section code with AI. Here we have the section code with AI. Here we have GitHub fundamentals which explains both GitHub fundamentals which explains both GitHub fundamentals which explains both Git and GitHub. And this is just one of Git and GitHub. And this is just one of Git and GitHub. And this is just one of many different advanced tutorials you many different advanced tutorials you many different advanced tutorials you can find in the new society. So, if you can find in the new society. So, if you can find in the new society. So, if you are serious about coding with AI and you are serious about coding with AI and you are serious about coding with AI and you want to go to the next level, join the want to go to the next level, join the want to go to the next level, join the new society. It's going to be linked new society. It's going to be linked new society. It's going to be linked below the video. Now, back to Kilo. below the video. Now, back to Kilo. below the video. Now, back to Kilo. Let's see if it's still going. And it is Let's see if it's still going. And it is Let's see if it's still going. And it is still going. Wow, this is very still going. Wow, this is very still going. Wow, this is very impressive. This coding agent can run impressive. This coding agent can run impressive. This coding agent can run for 10, 15, 20 minutes at a time. And for 10, 15, 20 minutes at a time. And for 10, 15, 20 minutes at a time. And you can see on the right, we have a you can see on the right, we have a you can see on the right, we have a proper codebase structure. So, this is proper codebase structure. So, this is proper codebase structure. So, this is not just VIP coding a single file. This not just VIP coding a single file. This not just VIP coding a single file. This is building and architecting a codebase is building and architecting a codebase is building and architecting a codebase so that you can turn this into a serious so that you can turn this into a serious so that you can turn this into a serious project, right? And maybe I overkill project, right? And maybe I overkill project, right? And maybe I overkill this to be honest or u a quick demo, but this to be honest or u a quick demo, but this to be honest or u a quick demo, but yeah, this coding agent can go for a yeah, this coding agent can go for a yeah, this coding agent can go for a while. And at the top you have control. while. And at the top you have control. while. And at the top you have control. So right now we've spent $0.5. So this So right now we've spent $0.5. So this So right now we've spent $0.5. So this is if you used like Sonet 4.5 or is if you used like Sonet 4.5 or is if you used like Sonet 4.5 or especially Opus. If you used Opus 4.1, especially Opus. If you used Opus 4.1, especially Opus. If you used Opus 4.1, we would already be like 10, 20, $30. we would already be like 10, 20, $30. we would already be like 10, 20, $30. But with GLM 4.6, so like you can you But with GLM 4.6, so like you can you But with GLM 4.6, so like you can you can probably start seeing the beauty of can probably start seeing the beauty of can probably start seeing the beauty of these extensions. Right now, as I these extensions. Right now, as I these extensions. Right now, as I promised, let's talk about clo and codex promised, let's talk about clo and codex promised, let's talk about clo and codex because when should you use these two, because when should you use these two, because when should you use these two, right? They still have a time and place right? They still have a time and place right? They still have a time and place and I still use these every single day. and I still use these every single day. and I still use these every single day. Now, these extensions are starting to Now, these extensions are starting to Now, these extensions are starting to take up more and more of my time, right? take up more and more of my time, right? take up more and more of my time, right? So, maybe like two months ago, I wasn't So, maybe like two months ago, I wasn't So, maybe like two months ago, I wasn't using client ru or kilo, but now I'm using client ru or kilo, but now I'm using client ru or kilo, but now I'm using this more and more. Why? Well, using this more and more. Why? Well, using this more and more. Why? Well, there's many reasons, right? Uh, there's many reasons, right? Uh, there's many reasons, right? Uh, personally, I don't really care about personally, I don't really care about personally, I don't really care about cost, but that's because of, you know, cost, but that's because of, you know, cost, but that's because of, you know, I'm building my software company. I'm I'm building my software company. I'm I'm building my software company. I'm building vector. So cost is part of the building vector. So cost is part of the building vector. So cost is part of the cost of building a software startup, cost of building a software startup, cost of building a software startup, right? But also because I'm interested right? But also because I'm interested right? But also because I'm interested in the best performance. And now that we in the best performance. And now that we in the best performance. And now that we see in the last two or three months see in the last two or three months see in the last two or three months especially, we see open source models especially, we see open source models especially, we see open source models catch up to the cutting edge of the best catch up to the cutting edge of the best catch up to the cutting edge of the best coding performance. I'm starting to use coding performance. I'm starting to use coding performance. I'm starting to use the extensions more and more, but also the extensions more and more, but also the extensions more and more, but also because of the fact that they can run because of the fact that they can run because of the fact that they can run for so long without like you having to for so long without like you having to for so long without like you having to constantly step in and because of the constantly step in and because of the constantly step in and because of the fact that they give you a complete fact that they give you a complete fact that they give you a complete overview of the tokens, right? And overview of the tokens, right? And overview of the tokens, right? And nobody likes to get scammed. Even if you nobody likes to get scammed. Even if you nobody likes to get scammed. Even if you have a high budget, you like to, you have a high budget, you like to, you have a high budget, you like to, you know, get your money's worth. And the know, get your money's worth. And the know, get your money's worth. And the fact that we still haven't spent a fact that we still haven't spent a fact that we still haven't spent a single dollar, like less than $1. And single dollar, like less than $1. And single dollar, like less than $1. And look how many files have been created. look how many files have been created. look how many files have been created. Look how much output. Like this is Look how much output. Like this is Look how much output. Like this is crazy. So yeah, when should you use crazy. So yeah, when should you use crazy. So yeah, when should you use close calling Codex? To answer the close calling Codex? To answer the close calling Codex? To answer the question, right now Codex, especially question, right now Codex, especially question, right now Codex, especially with the new GPT5 CEX model, which by with the new GPT5 CEX model, which by with the new GPT5 CEX model, which by the way also is available inside of open the way also is available inside of open the way also is available inside of open router. So you could use this model. You router. So you could use this model. You router. So you could use this model. You could use this inside of kilo or rue or could use this inside of kilo or rue or could use this inside of kilo or rue or client if you wanted to. This model is client if you wanted to. This model is client if you wanted to. This model is currently the best, right? And with currently the best, right? And with currently the best, right? And with codex, you have different reasons. It's codex, you have different reasons. It's codex, you have different reasons. It's not just a coding agent inside of your not just a coding agent inside of your not just a coding agent inside of your IDE. Codex also gives you the IDE. Codex also gives you the IDE. Codex also gives you the cloud-based agent, right? Which you can cloud-based agent, right? Which you can cloud-based agent, right? Which you can dispatch like 10 different tasks to and dispatch like 10 different tasks to and dispatch like 10 different tasks to and which can work on multiple things at which can work on multiple things at which can work on multiple things at once asynchronously. But Codex also once asynchronously. But Codex also once asynchronously. But Codex also released the GitHub PR review. So any released the GitHub PR review. So any released the GitHub PR review. So any single pull request you make, COEX can single pull request you make, COEX can single pull request you make, COEX can look through it and spot any potential look through it and spot any potential look through it and spot any potential issues. So that's another thing, right? issues. So that's another thing, right? issues. So that's another thing, right? Codex isn't just one product. It's like Codex isn't just one product. It's like Codex isn't just one product. It's like four different products right now. four different products right now. four different products right now. Speaking of cloth code, it's mostly used Speaking of cloth code, it's mostly used Speaking of cloth code, it's mostly used for the terminal, right? Close code, you for the terminal, right? Close code, you for the terminal, right? Close code, you can launch it, use it in the terminal, can launch it, use it in the terminal, can launch it, use it in the terminal, and it's like a autonomous agent which and it's like a autonomous agent which and it's like a autonomous agent which really pioneered the AI coding agents really pioneered the AI coding agents really pioneered the AI coding agents earlier this year. It's kind of crazy earlier this year. It's kind of crazy earlier this year. It's kind of crazy that all of this happened in 2025. Now, that all of this happened in 2025. Now, that all of this happened in 2025. Now, as I said, I still use both of these. as I said, I still use both of these. as I said, I still use both of these. The main main reason for cloud code is The main main reason for cloud code is The main main reason for cloud code is that the UI in the terminal is just that the UI in the terminal is just that the UI in the terminal is just polished. It's the best UI in the polished. It's the best UI in the polished. It's the best UI in the terminal out of all of these. Codex CLI terminal out of all of these. Codex CLI terminal out of all of these. Codex CLI is getting better, though. They just is getting better, though. They just is getting better, though. They just shipped, I think, the 045 0.45.0 update, shipped, I think, the 045 0.45.0 update, shipped, I think, the 045 0.45.0 update, which is very nice. It improved the UI which is very nice. It improved the UI which is very nice. It improved the UI of the CLI, but it's still not as of the CLI, but it's still not as of the CLI, but it's still not as polished as cloth code, right? And I do polished as cloth code, right? And I do polished as cloth code, right? And I do have to say I am using cloth code less. have to say I am using cloth code less. have to say I am using cloth code less. Some of that has been delegated to Some of that has been delegated to Some of that has been delegated to extensions like kilo. As I said, kilo extensions like kilo. As I said, kilo extensions like kilo. As I said, kilo out of these three is my favorite, but out of these three is my favorite, but out of these three is my favorite, but some of that most of that actually went some of that most of that actually went some of that most of that actually went into codex. So, codex is the most into codex. So, codex is the most into codex. So, codex is the most powerful right now, bar none. And that powerful right now, bar none. And that powerful right now, bar none. And that is mainly because of this model GPT5 is mainly because of this model GPT5 is mainly because of this model GPT5 codex. This model on medium and high codex. This model on medium and high codex. This model on medium and high reasoning effort is a beast. It's the reasoning effort is a beast. It's the reasoning effort is a beast. It's the most reliable model. It just puts in the most reliable model. It just puts in the most reliable model. It just puts in the work. It spends like if you are doing a work. It spends like if you are doing a work. It spends like if you are doing a risky change, it can spend 10 15 minutes risky change, it can spend 10 15 minutes risky change, it can spend 10 15 minutes just planning and preparing before it just planning and preparing before it just planning and preparing before it writes any code. Now the beauty of this writes any code. Now the beauty of this writes any code. Now the beauty of this model, what OpenAI really cooked is that model, what OpenAI really cooked is that model, what OpenAI really cooked is that if it's a simple change, it will not if it's a simple change, it will not if it's a simple change, it will not spend 10 minutes, right? it might reason spend 10 minutes, right? it might reason spend 10 minutes, right? it might reason for 30 seconds and then get to work. But for 30 seconds and then get to work. But for 30 seconds and then get to work. But if it's a risky change, either like a if it's a risky change, either like a if it's a risky change, either like a big refactor or like a massive new big refactor or like a massive new big refactor or like a massive new feature, it will put in the work, feature, it will put in the work, feature, it will put in the work, especially on the high reasoning effort. especially on the high reasoning effort. especially on the high reasoning effort. And this model is amazing. So yeah, And this model is amazing. So yeah, And this model is amazing. So yeah, Codex, the beauty of that is it's Codex, the beauty of that is it's Codex, the beauty of that is it's integrated, right? So you have the Codex integrated, right? So you have the Codex integrated, right? So you have the Codex uh web agent. Let me show you that. uh web agent. Let me show you that. uh web agent. Let me show you that. Boom. Right here. You can give it Boom. Right here. You can give it Boom. Right here. You can give it multiple tasks and then inside of the multiple tasks and then inside of the multiple tasks and then inside of the codeex in uh your extension right here, codeex in uh your extension right here, codeex in uh your extension right here, you can browse for these tasks whether you can browse for these tasks whether you can browse for these tasks whether cloud-based or local based and you can cloud-based or local based and you can cloud-based or local based and you can just continue working on them like that just continue working on them like that just continue working on them like that which is huge. Here you can literally if which is huge. Here you can literally if which is huge. Here you can literally if you're like listening to your users you're like listening to your users you're like listening to your users right maybe here you guys can comment right maybe here you guys can comment right maybe here you guys can comment different ways to improve vectal which different ways to improve vectal which different ways to improve vectal which by the way we have the discord server so by the way we have the discord server so by the way we have the discord server so if you are a vectal user you can just if you are a vectal user you can just if you are a vectal user you can just talk to me or the developers any day and talk to me or the developers any day and talk to me or the developers any day and you can suggest features and that's why you can suggest features and that's why you can suggest features and that's why this is the fastest improving software this is the fastest improving software this is the fastest improving software in the world and that's why we're going in the world and that's why we're going in the world and that's why we're going to build this into better chat agent to build this into better chat agent to build this into better chat agent than JGBD especially for productivity than JGBD especially for productivity than JGBD especially for productivity and task management that's where we're and task management that's where we're and task management that's where we're focusing right and a big part of that is focusing right and a big part of that is focusing right and a big part of that is the discord server when anybody can the discord server when anybody can the discord server when anybody can suggest features and I can just dispatch suggest features and I can just dispatch suggest features and I can just dispatch a codex task like that, right? So, if a codex task like that, right? So, if a codex task like that, right? So, if you are a vector user and you spot a you are a vector user and you spot a you are a vector user and you spot a suggestion or you spot a bug, me or the suggestion or you spot a bug, me or the suggestion or you spot a bug, me or the other devs, we can just instantly deploy other devs, we can just instantly deploy other devs, we can just instantly deploy a Codex cloud-based agent on it, right? a Codex cloud-based agent on it, right? a Codex cloud-based agent on it, right? And then it can be running multiple And then it can be running multiple And then it can be running multiple tasks in parallel and then when I tasks in parallel and then when I tasks in parallel and then when I actually have the time to clean those actually have the time to clean those actually have the time to clean those up, I can just jump in, boom, load up my up, I can just jump in, boom, load up my up, I can just jump in, boom, load up my Codex extension, load up the cloud-based Codex extension, load up the cloud-based Codex extension, load up the cloud-based tasks, and just work on them one by one. tasks, and just work on them one by one. tasks, and just work on them one by one. So, this is the beauty of the Codex. So, this is the beauty of the Codex. So, this is the beauty of the Codex. It's a whole ecosystem and OpenAI is It's a whole ecosystem and OpenAI is It's a whole ecosystem and OpenAI is really cooking and they're coming for really cooking and they're coming for really cooking and they're coming for Enthropics launch. They're not only Enthropics launch. They're not only Enthropics launch. They're not only coming for Enthropic launch, they're coming for Enthropic launch, they're coming for Enthropic launch, they're coming for Crystal's launch as well. So coming for Crystal's launch as well. So coming for Crystal's launch as well. So yeah, OpenAI is on fire and that's why yeah, OpenAI is on fire and that's why yeah, OpenAI is on fire and that's why if I had to choose a single coding tool, if I had to choose a single coding tool, if I had to choose a single coding tool, it would have to be Codex. But these it would have to be Codex. But these it would have to be Codex. But these extensions are not to be overestimated. extensions are not to be overestimated. extensions are not to be overestimated. They're shipping fast. The teams behind They're shipping fast. The teams behind They're shipping fast. The teams behind them, they're aggressive, right? They're them, they're aggressive, right? They're them, they're aggressive, right? They're putting in the work. They're shipping putting in the work. They're shipping putting in the work. They're shipping features, new models all the time. And features, new models all the time. And features, new models all the time. And the issue with these two they will the issue with these two they will the issue with these two they will always stick to their models only. always stick to their models only. always stick to their models only. Right? So right now cloth code if it Right? So right now cloth code if it Right? So right now cloth code if it allowed other models would be amazing. allowed other models would be amazing. allowed other models would be amazing. Now obviously there's ways to use the Now obviously there's ways to use the Now obviously there's ways to use the cloth code UI through other models but cloth code UI through other models but cloth code UI through other models but by default cloth code only counts with by default cloth code only counts with by default cloth code only counts with enthropic models. Same with codex. Codex enthropic models. Same with codex. Codex enthropic models. Same with codex. Codex only counts with openi models which only counts with openi models which only counts with openi models which currently that's not an issue because currently that's not an issue because currently that's not an issue because they do have the best coding model in they do have the best coding model in they do have the best coding model in the world. But when they when they don't the world. But when they when they don't the world. But when they when they don't you know could be next week could be you know could be next week could be you know could be next week could be next month. Hey Gemini 3 is around the next month. Hey Gemini 3 is around the next month. Hey Gemini 3 is around the corner. Gemini 3 might get released any corner. Gemini 3 might get released any corner. Gemini 3 might get released any day now. If it is really that amazing, day now. If it is really that amazing, day now. If it is really that amazing, you cannot use it inside of Codex, you cannot use it inside of Codex, you cannot use it inside of Codex, right? And then we will see the rise of right? And then we will see the rise of right? And then we will see the rise of Kilo. We will see the rise of RU. We Kilo. We will see the rise of RU. We Kilo. We will see the rise of RU. We will see the rise of client. People will will see the rise of client. People will will see the rise of client. People will be wanting to use Gemini 3. Now, be wanting to use Gemini 3. Now, be wanting to use Gemini 3. Now, obviously Gemini has the Gemini CLI, but obviously Gemini has the Gemini CLI, but obviously Gemini has the Gemini CLI, but it's probably the worst CLI tool out of it's probably the worst CLI tool out of it's probably the worst CLI tool out of them all currently. Maybe they improve them all currently. Maybe they improve them all currently. Maybe they improve it. They will probably improve it it. They will probably improve it it. They will probably improve it knowing the team behind Google and Deep knowing the team behind Google and Deep knowing the team behind Google and Deep Mind. These guys are cracked. But you Mind. These guys are cracked. But you Mind. These guys are cracked. But you can see that the code, the landscape is can see that the code, the landscape is can see that the code, the landscape is changing, right? The landscape is changing, right? The landscape is changing, right? The landscape is changing literally week to week. So changing literally week to week. So changing literally week to week. So while cloth code was the king two months while cloth code was the king two months while cloth code was the king two months ago, it is not the king anymore. ago, it is not the king anymore. ago, it is not the king anymore. Currently the king is codex, right? But Currently the king is codex, right? But Currently the king is codex, right? But uh hey maybe next month it will be kilo uh hey maybe next month it will be kilo uh hey maybe next month it will be kilo with Gemini 3. Or maybe GLM will release with Gemini 3. Or maybe GLM will release with Gemini 3. Or maybe GLM will release a new model GLM 4.7, right? Or maybe a new model GLM 4.7, right? Or maybe a new model GLM 4.7, right? Or maybe Deepseek finally drops Deepseek R2 or Deepseek finally drops Deepseek R2 or Deepseek finally drops Deepseek R2 or Deepseek V4. Who knows guys? Who knows? Deepseek V4. Who knows guys? Who knows? Deepseek V4. Who knows guys? Who knows? The key is to stay adaptable, right? The key is to stay adaptable, right? The key is to stay adaptable, right? That is the secret. People ask me, That is the secret. People ask me, That is the secret. People ask me, David, what is the secret? The secret is David, what is the secret? The secret is David, what is the secret? The secret is to stay adaptable. The AI space is to stay adaptable. The AI space is to stay adaptable. The AI space is changing all the time. If you are one of changing all the time. If you are one of changing all the time. If you are one of these people who just uses a single tool these people who just uses a single tool these people who just uses a single tool and like refuses to experiment, refuses and like refuses to experiment, refuses and like refuses to experiment, refuses to learn, you will fall behind to learn, you will fall behind to learn, you will fall behind inevitably. You have to be willing to inevitably. You have to be willing to inevitably. You have to be willing to adapt and you have to be willing to try adapt and you have to be willing to try adapt and you have to be willing to try one new tool a week, right? This is the one new tool a week, right? This is the one new tool a week, right? This is the things that I'm teaching people in the things that I'm teaching people in the things that I'm teaching people in the new society. No matter what is your new society. No matter what is your new society. No matter what is your setup, you should master your setup. setup, you should master your setup. setup, you should master your setup. What every single week, you should try What every single week, you should try What every single week, you should try at least one new tool. And if you want at least one new tool. And if you want at least one new tool. And if you want to be on the cutting edge, join the new to be on the cutting edge, join the new to be on the cutting edge, join the new site because this is where I can share site because this is where I can share site because this is where I can share the thoughts. This is where you have the the thoughts. This is where you have the the thoughts. This is where you have the people who are on the cutting edge of AI people who are on the cutting edge of AI people who are on the cutting edge of AI coding and who really are sharing all of coding and who really are sharing all of coding and who really are sharing all of the latest things when it comes to the latest things when it comes to the latest things when it comes to startups, when it comes to AI agents, startups, when it comes to AI agents, startups, when it comes to AI agents, when it comes to AI coding. If you are when it comes to AI coding. If you are when it comes to AI coding. If you are serious about programming with AI and serious about programming with AI and serious about programming with AI and you want to take your skill set to the you want to take your skill set to the you want to take your skill set to the next level, join new society. We have next level, join new society. We have next level, join new society. We have tons of advanced content such as how to tons of advanced content such as how to tons of advanced content such as how to build an AI startup, how to build a real build an AI startup, how to build a real build an AI startup, how to build a real AI business, or how to build your first AI business, or how to build your first AI business, or how to build your first AI agent. A lot of you just want to get AI agent. A lot of you just want to get AI agent. A lot of you just want to get into it. You want to improve your skill into it. You want to improve your skill into it. You want to improve your skill set to prepare yourself for the future. set to prepare yourself for the future. set to prepare yourself for the future. New Society is the place for that. Plus, New Society is the place for that. Plus, New Society is the place for that. Plus, every single week we host a call where every single week we host a call where every single week we host a call where you can join, ask any questions, get you can join, ask any questions, get you can join, ask any questions, get hands-on help, and this is the easiest hands-on help, and this is the easiest hands-on help, and this is the easiest way for you to speak with me directly way for you to speak with me directly way for you to speak with me directly and, you know, pitch me startup ideas, and, you know, pitch me startup ideas, and, you know, pitch me startup ideas, ask me any questions, whatever you want ask me any questions, whatever you want ask me any questions, whatever you want to do. New society is the place to do to do. New society is the place to do to do. New society is the place to do it. So again, the New Society is going it. So again, the New Society is going it. So again, the New Society is going to be linked below. Yeah, hopefully you to be linked below. Yeah, hopefully you to be linked below. Yeah, hopefully you guys find this video valuable and I have guys find this video valuable and I have guys find this video valuable and I have a feeling that this is not going to be a feeling that this is not going to be a feeling that this is not going to be the last video on these coding the last video on these coding the last video on these coding extensions. With that being said, thank extensions. With that being said, thank extensions. With that being said, thank you for watching and have a wonderful, you for watching and have a wonderful, you for watching and have a wonderful, productive week. See you.
