Title: Build Any Mobile App with AI (Step-By-Step)
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

Building mobile apps used to take Building mobile apps used to take Building mobile apps used to take months, but today, thanks to AI, you can months, but today, thanks to AI, you can months, but today, thanks to AI, you can create a mobile app in a matter of create a mobile app in a matter of create a mobile app in a matter of minutes. In this video, I'll show you minutes. In this video, I'll show you minutes. In this video, I'll show you how to use AI to build any mobile app how to use AI to build any mobile app how to use AI to build any mobile app you want. And no, you don't have to be a you want. And no, you don't have to be a you want. And no, you don't have to be a programmer. So, the app I'm going to be programmer. So, the app I'm going to be programmer. So, the app I'm going to be using is called Anything. You can use it using is called Anything. You can use it using is called Anything. You can use it to create any type of app you want. So, to create any type of app you want. So, to create any type of app you want. So, go to create anything.com and click on go to create anything.com and click on go to create anything.com and click on get started right here. Once you create get started right here. Once you create get started right here. Once you create the account, you should see this screen the account, you should see this screen the account, you should see this screen where you can describe what project you where you can describe what project you where you can describe what project you want to build. Now, I've prepared a want to build. Now, I've prepared a want to build. Now, I've prepared a pretty long prompt because I want to see pretty long prompt because I want to see pretty long prompt because I want to see what anything can handle. You can what anything can handle. You can what anything can handle. You can literally type in a single sentence literally type in a single sentence literally type in a single sentence describing your app idea. As long as you describing your app idea. As long as you describing your app idea. As long as you clearly describe what you want to build, clearly describe what you want to build, clearly describe what you want to build, that is the main thing. So, I'm going to that is the main thing. So, I'm going to that is the main thing. So, I'm going to copy my prompt, paste it into the input copy my prompt, paste it into the input copy my prompt, paste it into the input field, and hit send. And that's field, and hit send. And that's field, and hit send. And that's literally it. Anything will create the literally it. Anything will create the literally it. Anything will create the front end, connect it to the back end, front end, connect it to the back end, front end, connect it to the back end, and even use its built-in database to and even use its built-in database to and even use its built-in database to store the data. Plus, it will let us run store the data. Plus, it will let us run store the data. Plus, it will let us run the mobile app through the built-in the mobile app through the built-in the mobile app through the built-in emulator in the browser. So, you can emulator in the browser. So, you can emulator in the browser. So, you can actually test it both on the web and on actually test it both on the web and on actually test it both on the web and on your phone. Now, let's see what anything your phone. Now, let's see what anything your phone. Now, let's see what anything is doing. It fought for 2.4 seconds. It is doing. It fought for 2.4 seconds. It is doing. It fought for 2.4 seconds. It added CH GBD. So, it delegated the added CH GBD. So, it delegated the added CH GBD. So, it delegated the coding part to the best models which is coding part to the best models which is coding part to the best models which is GPT5 with high reasoning effort right GPT5 with high reasoning effort right GPT5 with high reasoning effort right now. It created the database. It started now. It created the database. It started now. It created the database. It started creating some front- end JavaScript creating some front- end JavaScript creating some front- end JavaScript files. And I was doing even more files. And I was doing even more files. And I was doing even more thinking for the generate tab. So, this thinking for the generate tab. So, this thinking for the generate tab. So, this app will have four different sections. app will have four different sections. app will have four different sections. So, it'll be interesting to see if So, it'll be interesting to see if So, it'll be interesting to see if anything can oneshot this app in a anything can oneshot this app in a anything can oneshot this app in a single prompt. Now, while it's building, single prompt. Now, while it's building, single prompt. Now, while it's building, let me show you some crazy examples of let me show you some crazy examples of let me show you some crazy examples of what people have built with anything. what people have built with anything. what people have built with anything. So, George right here built a full So, George right here built a full So, George right here built a full landing page. And the best part is the landing page. And the best part is the landing page. And the best part is the UI follows all of the modern design UI follows all of the modern design UI follows all of the modern design principles. Here is another example with principles. Here is another example with principles. Here is another example with a very different color scheme. And the a very different color scheme. And the a very different color scheme. And the craziest part is this one was built in craziest part is this one was built in craziest part is this one was built in 33 seconds. As long as you can speak or 33 seconds. As long as you can speak or 33 seconds. As long as you can speak or type in English, you have the ability to type in English, you have the ability to type in English, you have the ability to create and deploy a working mobile app. create and deploy a working mobile app. create and deploy a working mobile app. It's not just about the creation part, It's not just about the creation part, It's not just about the creation part, right? That's one thing. But with right? That's one thing. But with right? That's one thing. But with anything, you can also deploy it and use anything, you can also deploy it and use anything, you can also deploy it and use it on your phone, which is exactly what it on your phone, which is exactly what it on your phone, which is exactly what I'm going to show you in this video. And I'm going to show you in this video. And I'm going to show you in this video. And there we go. Anything has finished there we go. Anything has finished there we go. Anything has finished building V1 of the app. So, let's see building V1 of the app. So, let's see building V1 of the app. So, let's see whether it was able to oneshot this whether it was able to oneshot this whether it was able to oneshot this pretty complex prompt. Again, this is pretty complex prompt. Again, this is pretty complex prompt. Again, this is like nearly 100 lines of instructions, like nearly 100 lines of instructions, like nearly 100 lines of instructions, but there we go. We have the app. So but there we go. We have the app. So but there we go. We have the app. So this is a learning app where it can this is a learning app where it can this is a learning app where it can create flashc cards and help you learn create flashc cards and help you learn create flashc cards and help you learn any concept from the comfort of your any concept from the comfort of your any concept from the comfort of your phone. So let's see if it works. All phone. So let's see if it works. All phone. So let's see if it works. All right. So we have the homepage. Then we right. So we have the homepage. Then we right. So we have the homepage. Then we have the library. Then we have the have the library. Then we have the have the library. Then we have the active study session. And then we have active study session. And then we have active study session. And then we have the profile. Wow, this is nice guys. You the profile. Wow, this is nice guys. You the profile. Wow, this is nice guys. You have to remember this is from a single have to remember this is from a single have to remember this is from a single prompt. So let's test it out. What would prompt. So let's test it out. What would prompt. So let's test it out. What would you like to study? I'd like to learn and you like to study? I'd like to learn and you like to study? I'd like to learn and master Reddis cache. Okay, let's do master Reddis cache. Okay, let's do master Reddis cache. Okay, let's do difficulty level easy. Generate difficulty level easy. Generate difficulty level easy. Generate flashcards. So now it should be using flashcards. So now it should be using flashcards. So now it should be using the built-in AI capabilities. Okay, the built-in AI capabilities. Okay, the built-in AI capabilities. Okay, there we go. Let's click on start there we go. Let's click on start there we go. Let's click on start studying. Wow, guys, I haven't even studying. Wow, guys, I haven't even studying. Wow, guys, I haven't even given it the API key. You have to given it the API key. You have to given it the API key. You have to realize in the past you had to go to realize in the past you had to go to realize in the past you had to go to platformopi.com, create an account, set platformopi.com, create an account, set platformopi.com, create an account, set up API key, do all of this hassle, up API key, do all of this hassle, up API key, do all of this hassle, right? It's it was definitely possible, right? It's it was definitely possible, right? It's it was definitely possible, but it took a bunch of things and if but it took a bunch of things and if but it took a bunch of things and if you've never done it, it was you've never done it, it was you've never done it, it was intimidating. Now you don't even have to intimidating. Now you don't even have to intimidating. Now you don't even have to provide your API key. Insane. So let's provide your API key. Insane. So let's provide your API key. Insane. So let's see what is Reddus primarily used for see what is Reddus primarily used for see what is Reddus primarily used for inmemory key d store. Boom. Correct. inmemory key d store. Boom. Correct. inmemory key d store. Boom. Correct. Nice UI green highlighted with Nice UI green highlighted with Nice UI green highlighted with explanation at the bottom. File system explanation at the bottom. File system explanation at the bottom. File system writing. Incorrect. Okay. RDB snapshots. writing. Incorrect. Okay. RDB snapshots. writing. Incorrect. Okay. RDB snapshots. Okay. This is beyond my technical scope. Okay. This is beyond my technical scope. Okay. This is beyond my technical scope. But it doesn't matter because we have But it doesn't matter because we have But it doesn't matter because we have completed the quiz. We can see this completed the quiz. We can see this completed the quiz. We can see this final score, the percentage. Now, if you final score, the percentage. Now, if you final score, the percentage. Now, if you think this is impressive, just wait think this is impressive, just wait think this is impressive, just wait until you see what's coming because I'll until you see what's coming because I'll until you see what's coming because I'll show you that this is not just a one-off show you that this is not just a one-off show you that this is not just a one-off fluke. Anything has the tendency to fluke. Anything has the tendency to fluke. Anything has the tendency to oneshot most of the apps you give it. oneshot most of the apps you give it. oneshot most of the apps you give it. And let's put that to the test with the And let's put that to the test with the And let's put that to the test with the second app idea. So, boom. Once again, second app idea. So, boom. Once again, second app idea. So, boom. Once again, I'm going to paste it into the input I'm going to paste it into the input I'm going to paste it into the input field and let anything do its job. Now, field and let anything do its job. Now, field and let anything do its job. Now, with this app, we'll take it a step with this app, we'll take it a step with this app, we'll take it a step further and I'll show you how to test further and I'll show you how to test further and I'll show you how to test and debug this on your phone so that you and debug this on your phone so that you and debug this on your phone so that you can actually deploy it and use it with can actually deploy it and use it with can actually deploy it and use it with your friends, with your family just by your friends, with your family just by your friends, with your family just by sending them a single link and they'll sending them a single link and they'll sending them a single link and they'll be able to use it on their phones with a be able to use it on their phones with a be able to use it on their phones with a matter of minutes. And the best part is matter of minutes. And the best part is matter of minutes. And the best part is you can use this exact method to you can use this exact method to you can use this exact method to complete $1,000 listings on Upwork. So, complete $1,000 listings on Upwork. So, complete $1,000 listings on Upwork. So, this is posted 2 days ago and this this is posted 2 days ago and this this is posted 2 days ago and this person needs a mobile app for physicians person needs a mobile app for physicians person needs a mobile app for physicians for $2,000. And to be honest, this app for $2,000. And to be honest, this app for $2,000. And to be honest, this app is not that complicated. But because is not that complicated. But because is not that complicated. But because most people have no idea how to build most people have no idea how to build most people have no idea how to build mobile apps, they're willing to pay mobile apps, they're willing to pay mobile apps, they're willing to pay thousands of dollars for somebody else thousands of dollars for somebody else thousands of dollars for somebody else to build them. And that person could be to build them. And that person could be to build them. And that person could be you. So if you watch this video until you. So if you watch this video until you. So if you watch this video until the end, you will have all the skills the end, you will have all the skills the end, you will have all the skills necessary to build and deploy any mobile necessary to build and deploy any mobile necessary to build and deploy any mobile app you want and to actually start app you want and to actually start app you want and to actually start making real money with this. Now, it making real money with this. Now, it making real money with this. Now, it might sound funny, but inside of might sound funny, but inside of might sound funny, but inside of anything, you can find nearly anything, you can find nearly anything, you can find nearly everything. It builds the back end. It everything. It builds the back end. It everything. It builds the back end. It has a built-in database. It can do the has a built-in database. It can do the has a built-in database. It can do the authentication for you. It can connect authentication for you. It can connect authentication for you. It can connect payments with Stripe. So, literally all payments with Stripe. So, literally all payments with Stripe. So, literally all you need is a Stripe account and you can you need is a Stripe account and you can you need is a Stripe account and you can connect it. No need to worry with the connect it. No need to worry with the connect it. No need to worry with the API. None of that. Anything does that API. None of that. Anything does that API. None of that. Anything does that for you. It has all of the advanced AI for you. It has all of the advanced AI for you. It has all of the advanced AI models. And by the way, you can activate models. And by the way, you can activate models. And by the way, you can activate those by clicking the plus and just those by clicking the plus and just those by clicking the plus and just typing in Gemini or Grog or Opus and you typing in Gemini or Grog or Opus and you typing in Gemini or Grog or Opus and you can select whatever model you want to can select whatever model you want to can select whatever model you want to work on your project or even multiple of work on your project or even multiple of work on your project or even multiple of them and they will use the tools and them and they will use the tools and them and they will use the tools and environment that anything provides to environment that anything provides to environment that anything provides to create your mobile app. Plus, you can create your mobile app. Plus, you can create your mobile app. Plus, you can build a web app and a mobile app that build a web app and a mobile app that build a web app and a mobile app that both share the same back end. That way, both share the same back end. That way, both share the same back end. That way, it's easier to maintain and scale your it's easier to maintain and scale your it's easier to maintain and scale your codebase if your app goes viral. Now, I codebase if your app goes viral. Now, I codebase if your app goes viral. Now, I would say the built-in database is quite would say the built-in database is quite would say the built-in database is quite OP because you don't have to learn SQL. OP because you don't have to learn SQL. OP because you don't have to learn SQL. It's all preconfigured for you. And this It's all preconfigured for you. And this It's all preconfigured for you. And this is one of the biggest roadblocks when is one of the biggest roadblocks when is one of the biggest roadblocks when trying to build full stack web apps or trying to build full stack web apps or trying to build full stack web apps or mobile apps securely storing the data. mobile apps securely storing the data. mobile apps securely storing the data. Right? In the past, you had to spend Right? In the past, you had to spend Right? In the past, you had to spend hours learning which database to use, hours learning which database to use, hours learning which database to use, how to query it, how to structure your how to query it, how to structure your how to query it, how to structure your tables. Now you can just outsource that tables. Now you can just outsource that tables. Now you can just outsource that to anything which you follow all the to anything which you follow all the to anything which you follow all the best practices so that you can focus on best practices so that you can focus on best practices so that you can focus on the core idea and the core vision of the core idea and the core vision of the core idea and the core vision of your app. All right. So it seems like your app. All right. So it seems like your app. All right. So it seems like the second app has been finished. We the second app has been finished. We the second app has been finished. We have a bunch of features clean UI. So as have a bunch of features clean UI. So as have a bunch of features clean UI. So as I promised this app I'll test on my I promised this app I'll test on my I promised this app I'll test on my phone and on the right you have these phone and on the right you have these phone and on the right you have these instructions on how to actually do that. instructions on how to actually do that. instructions on how to actually do that. So first you need to download the Expo So first you need to download the Expo So first you need to download the Expo Go app. So on your phone go to the app Go app. So on your phone go to the app Go app. So on your phone go to the app store click on search and type in Expo store click on search and type in Expo store click on search and type in Expo Go. Now, as you can see, I already have Go. Now, as you can see, I already have Go. Now, as you can see, I already have it installed, but if you don't, just it installed, but if you don't, just it installed, but if you don't, just click on download and then open it. Once click on download and then open it. Once click on download and then open it. Once you have Expo Go on your phone, and by you have Expo Go on your phone, and by you have Expo Go on your phone, and by the way, this works both on iOS and the way, this works both on iOS and the way, this works both on iOS and Android. All you need to do is scan the Android. All you need to do is scan the Android. All you need to do is scan the QR code on your screen. So, there we go. QR code on your screen. So, there we go. QR code on your screen. So, there we go. Boom. And just like that, it will Boom. And just like that, it will Boom. And just like that, it will redirect you to a website. So, just redirect you to a website. So, just redirect you to a website. So, just click on open in Expo Go. Allow opening click on open in Expo Go. Allow opening click on open in Expo Go. Allow opening project. And it's loading the app. That project. And it's loading the app. That project. And it's loading the app. That takes usually like 20 30 seconds. takes usually like 20 30 seconds. takes usually like 20 30 seconds. Building JavaScript bundles and Building JavaScript bundles and Building JavaScript bundles and compiling everything. Now, while that's compiling everything. Now, while that's compiling everything. Now, while that's going, we can actually test it right going, we can actually test it right going, we can actually test it right here in the web browser. So I could say here in the web browser. So I could say here in the web browser. So I could say skill my startup to 10 mil AR. Boom. skill my startup to 10 mil AR. Boom. skill my startup to 10 mil AR. Boom. Generate habits. Okay. So we seem to Generate habits. Okay. So we seem to Generate habits. Okay. So we seem to have a bug. So it's actually good have a bug. So it's actually good have a bug. So it's actually good because I can show you how easy it is to because I can show you how easy it is to because I can show you how easy it is to debug your app with anything. So on the debug your app with anything. So on the debug your app with anything. So on the left, let's switch to discussion mode. left, let's switch to discussion mode. left, let's switch to discussion mode. And then I'm going to say when I click And then I'm going to say when I click And then I'm going to say when I click the generate habits button, nothing the generate habits button, nothing the generate habits button, nothing happens. Make sure we send the prompt to happens. Make sure we send the prompt to happens. Make sure we send the prompt to the AI model. And that we then return the AI model. And that we then return the AI model. And that we then return the answer back to the front end which the answer back to the front end which the answer back to the front end which should nicely display the seven should nicely display the seven should nicely display the seven different habits. Use your builtin AI different habits. Use your builtin AI different habits. Use your builtin AI capabilities connection with open AI. capabilities connection with open AI. capabilities connection with open AI. Okay, so let's send it out. Okay, so Okay, so let's send it out. Okay, so Okay, so let's send it out. Okay, so this was actually faster than I this was actually faster than I this was actually faster than I expected. Anything fought for 6.2 expected. Anything fought for 6.2 expected. Anything fought for 6.2 seconds and found that the front end was seconds and found that the front end was seconds and found that the front end was trying to call API endpoints that didn't trying to call API endpoints that didn't trying to call API endpoints that didn't yet exist. So it created the missing yet exist. So it created the missing yet exist. So it created the missing endpoints. And let's test it again. So endpoints. And let's test it again. So endpoints. And let's test it again. So I'm going to give it the same goal. I'm going to give it the same goal. I'm going to give it the same goal. scale my AR start up to 10 mil AR and scale my AR start up to 10 mil AR and scale my AR start up to 10 mil AR and click on generate habits. Okay, it seems click on generate habits. Okay, it seems click on generate habits. Okay, it seems like the issue isn't fully resolved. So, like the issue isn't fully resolved. So, like the issue isn't fully resolved. So, I'm going to switch to debug mode which I'm going to switch to debug mode which I'm going to switch to debug mode which is in beta. So, it's not still fully is in beta. So, it's not still fully is in beta. So, it's not still fully released. So, if you cannot solve released. So, if you cannot solve released. So, if you cannot solve something with discussion or thinking something with discussion or thinking something with discussion or thinking mode, you can try the new debug mode mode, you can try the new debug mode mode, you can try the new debug mode which is optimized for solving bugs. So, which is optimized for solving bugs. So, which is optimized for solving bugs. So, I'm going to use my voice to describe I'm going to use my voice to describe I'm going to use my voice to describe the issue inside of the app. Once I type the issue inside of the app. Once I type the issue inside of the app. Once I type in what my goal is and then click on the in what my goal is and then click on the in what my goal is and then click on the generate habits button, it waits for generate habits button, it waits for generate habits button, it waits for like one or two seconds, but then it like one or two seconds, but then it like one or two seconds, but then it doesn't display the habits. I think the doesn't display the habits. I think the doesn't display the habits. I think the issue is with the AI connection. Make issue is with the AI connection. Make issue is with the AI connection. Make sure to use your built-in OpenAI sure to use your built-in OpenAI sure to use your built-in OpenAI connector to send the prompt from the connector to send the prompt from the connector to send the prompt from the user to the AI model. Boom. There we go. user to the AI model. Boom. There we go. user to the AI model. Boom. There we go. And I'm going to add think harder at the And I'm going to add think harder at the And I'm going to add think harder at the end. The reason for this is because by end. The reason for this is because by end. The reason for this is because by default, anything uses cloth for sonet. default, anything uses cloth for sonet. default, anything uses cloth for sonet. And the enthropic models actually listen And the enthropic models actually listen And the enthropic models actually listen to what you say. So if you say think, it to what you say. So if you say think, it to what you say. So if you say think, it will use more reasoning effort. If you will use more reasoning effort. If you will use more reasoning effort. If you say think hard, it will use even more. say think hard, it will use even more. say think hard, it will use even more. If you say think harder, it will use a If you say think harder, it will use a If you say think harder, it will use a lot more. And if you say ultra think it lot more. And if you say ultra think it lot more. And if you say ultra think it will use the most. So just by adding will use the most. So just by adding will use the most. So just by adding these two words at the end you increase these two words at the end you increase these two words at the end you increase the power of the AI models within the the power of the AI models within the the power of the AI models within the app. So as you can see in the debug mode app. So as you can see in the debug mode app. So as you can see in the debug mode anything uses a lot more resources to anything uses a lot more resources to anything uses a lot more resources to debug the issue to think about it to debug the issue to think about it to debug the issue to think about it to analyze different endpoints and to analyze different endpoints and to analyze different endpoints and to really make sure that your bug gets really make sure that your bug gets really make sure that your bug gets solved. Now while it's fixing the bug solved. Now while it's fixing the bug solved. Now while it's fixing the bug let me tell you about the Stripe let me tell you about the Stripe let me tell you about the Stripe integration in the app. Because if you integration in the app. Because if you integration in the app. Because if you want to launch a paid mobile app want to launch a paid mobile app want to launch a paid mobile app anything makes that super easy. So all anything makes that super easy. So all anything makes that super easy. So all you need to do is just select your you need to do is just select your you need to do is just select your country of residence and create a Stripe country of residence and create a Stripe country of residence and create a Stripe account connected to a business entity. account connected to a business entity. account connected to a business entity. Once you finish building, you can start Once you finish building, you can start Once you finish building, you can start accepting payments natively through accepting payments natively through accepting payments natively through anything. So literally you don't have to anything. So literally you don't have to anything. So literally you don't have to touch the Stripe API or the code once. touch the Stripe API or the code once. touch the Stripe API or the code once. And this is what I mean when I say that And this is what I mean when I say that And this is what I mean when I say that anything is the easiest way to build anything is the easiest way to build anything is the easiest way to build mobile apps. I mean they handle the mobile apps. I mean they handle the mobile apps. I mean they handle the database, front end, backend, payments, database, front end, backend, payments, database, front end, backend, payments, authentication, logs, debugging, all of authentication, logs, debugging, all of authentication, logs, debugging, all of that for you. It is the easiest way to that for you. It is the easiest way to that for you. It is the easiest way to build mobile apps in 2025. And that's build mobile apps in 2025. And that's build mobile apps in 2025. And that's why I reached out to Anything and asked why I reached out to Anything and asked why I reached out to Anything and asked them to partner on this video. And them to partner on this video. And them to partner on this video. And luckily, they agreed. So, if you want to luckily, they agreed. So, if you want to luckily, they agreed. So, if you want to try the tool yourself, just go to create try the tool yourself, just go to create try the tool yourself, just go to create anything.com and give it a shot. It's anything.com and give it a shot. It's anything.com and give it a shot. It's literally as simple as you see in this literally as simple as you see in this literally as simple as you see in this video. Now, I also found this post and video. Now, I also found this post and video. Now, I also found this post and let me know if you want a full video on let me know if you want a full video on let me know if you want a full video on this, but this is kind of insane. this, but this is kind of insane. this, but this is kind of insane. Basically, it uses n10 in the back end Basically, it uses n10 in the back end Basically, it uses n10 in the back end and anything in the front end. And this and anything in the front end. And this and anything in the front end. And this app scrapes Google Maps for local app scrapes Google Maps for local app scrapes Google Maps for local business email leads, right? So, no business email leads, right? So, no business email leads, right? So, no matter what brick and mortar business matter what brick and mortar business matter what brick and mortar business you have or you just work in a local you have or you just work in a local you have or you just work in a local area, everyone wants more leads. And area, everyone wants more leads. And area, everyone wants more leads. And this app does exactly that. It has three this app does exactly that. It has three this app does exactly that. It has three different databases and web scraping and different databases and web scraping and different databases and web scraping and it's able to find local businesses in it's able to find local businesses in it's able to find local businesses in any area of the world and give you a any area of the world and give you a any area of the world and give you a list of emails to contact those list of emails to contact those list of emails to contact those businesses. And this was built with businesses. And this was built with businesses. And this was built with anything. Okay, let's see if the error anything. Okay, let's see if the error anything. Okay, let's see if the error has been solved. There was a lot of has been solved. There was a lot of has been solved. There was a lot of reasoning effort, a lot of compute going reasoning effort, a lot of compute going reasoning effort, a lot of compute going for the fix. Seems like we have some for the fix. Seems like we have some for the fix. Seems like we have some sort of a fix. There was invalid sort of a fix. There was invalid sort of a fix. There was invalid ordering. Okay, interesting. But it's ordering. Okay, interesting. But it's ordering. Okay, interesting. But it's it's fixed. Wow, nice. So I just needed it's fixed. Wow, nice. So I just needed it's fixed. Wow, nice. So I just needed to describe it and the debug mode is to describe it and the debug mode is to describe it and the debug mode is very OP. Look how much effort, look how very OP. Look how much effort, look how very OP. Look how much effort, look how much thinking power, look how much much thinking power, look how much much thinking power, look how much compute. There's a test. Anything writes compute. There's a test. Anything writes compute. There's a test. Anything writes tests for different endpoints, right? If tests for different endpoints, right? If tests for different endpoints, right? If you're completely new to building apps, you're completely new to building apps, you're completely new to building apps, writing tests can be intimidating, but writing tests can be intimidating, but writing tests can be intimidating, but anything does that for you. Like I I anything does that for you. Like I I anything does that for you. Like I I know like I sound like a broken clock, know like I sound like a broken clock, know like I sound like a broken clock, but it's kind of crazy what's possible but it's kind of crazy what's possible but it's kind of crazy what's possible in 2025. Anyways, I just needed to in 2025. Anyways, I just needed to in 2025. Anyways, I just needed to describe the error and we have it right describe the error and we have it right describe the error and we have it right here. So I typed in lose 5 kg of fat as here. So I typed in lose 5 kg of fat as here. So I typed in lose 5 kg of fat as the goal and we have seven different the goal and we have seven different the goal and we have seven different habits right here to track daily. So, habits right here to track daily. So, habits right here to track daily. So, let's see. Drink large glass of water let's see. Drink large glass of water let's see. Drink large glass of water first thing in the morning to stay first thing in the morning to stay first thing in the morning to stay hydrated and kickstart metabolism. And I hydrated and kickstart metabolism. And I hydrated and kickstart metabolism. And I can click on it. Boom. One done. One of can click on it. Boom. One done. One of can click on it. Boom. One done. One of seven done. Clean UI. Nice colors. Let's seven done. Clean UI. Nice colors. Let's seven done. Clean UI. Nice colors. Let's see. Second one. Engage in 10 to 15 see. Second one. Engage in 10 to 15 see. Second one. Engage in 10 to 15 minutes of morning stretching or light minutes of morning stretching or light minutes of morning stretching or light exercise to boost metabolism and mood. exercise to boost metabolism and mood. exercise to boost metabolism and mood. Click second. Boom. Completed. Two out Click second. Boom. Completed. Two out Click second. Boom. Completed. Two out of seven done. Three of seven. Okay, of seven done. Three of seven. Okay, of seven done. Three of seven. Okay, let's just click through it to see. Look let's just click through it to see. Look let's just click through it to see. Look at the nice animation of the circle. at the nice animation of the circle. at the nice animation of the circle. Wow, this is clean. And there we go. We Wow, this is clean. And there we go. We Wow, this is clean. And there we go. We completed all seven. We have one day completed all seven. We have one day completed all seven. We have one day streak. 100% this week. We can click to streak. 100% this week. We can click to streak. 100% this week. We can click to tomorrow. Nice reload animation, guys. tomorrow. Nice reload animation, guys. tomorrow. Nice reload animation, guys. This is clean. What? Reset goal. And we This is clean. What? Reset goal. And we This is clean. What? Reset goal. And we can choose a different goal. Let me test can choose a different goal. Let me test can choose a different goal. Let me test this on my phone for good measure. Boom. this on my phone for good measure. Boom. this on my phone for good measure. Boom. Opening expo. Go. Allow. Opening Opening expo. Go. Allow. Opening Opening expo. Go. Allow. Opening project. There we go. And here we are. I project. There we go. And here we are. I project. There we go. And here we are. I am on my phone on the app, guys. am on my phone on the app, guys. am on my phone on the app, guys. Literally from idea to mobile app in a Literally from idea to mobile app in a Literally from idea to mobile app in a matter of minutes. Crazy. Let's reset matter of minutes. Crazy. Let's reset matter of minutes. Crazy. Let's reset the goal. Reset. Boom. I'm going to say the goal. Reset. Boom. I'm going to say the goal. Reset. Boom. I'm going to say scale my startup to 10 mil arr. All scale my startup to 10 mil arr. All scale my startup to 10 mil arr. All right. So, the keyboard is covering the right. So, the keyboard is covering the right. So, the keyboard is covering the button, but honestly, all I need to do button, but honestly, all I need to do button, but honestly, all I need to do is just switch to thinking mode to say is just switch to thinking mode to say is just switch to thinking mode to say on mobile, the keyboard is covering the on mobile, the keyboard is covering the on mobile, the keyboard is covering the button. Make sure to fix the UI. Boom. button. Make sure to fix the UI. Boom. button. Make sure to fix the UI. Boom. And just like that, we can continue And just like that, we can continue And just like that, we can continue building our app, keep improving it, and building our app, keep improving it, and building our app, keep improving it, and turn it into something truly great. Now, turn it into something truly great. Now, turn it into something truly great. Now, there are many reasons why I believe in there are many reasons why I believe in there are many reasons why I believe in mobile apps and why this is a worthy mobile apps and why this is a worthy mobile apps and why this is a worthy pursuit for you to do. First of all, pursuit for you to do. First of all, pursuit for you to do. First of all, there are 17 year olds that are building there are 17 year olds that are building there are 17 year olds that are building multi-million mobile apps, right? It's multi-million mobile apps, right? It's multi-million mobile apps, right? It's kind of crazy what you can do with a kind of crazy what you can do with a kind of crazy what you can do with a software. Software scales way faster software. Software scales way faster software. Software scales way faster than anything else. If you hit it, if than anything else. If you hit it, if than anything else. If you hit it, if your app goes viral, if it clicks within your app goes viral, if it clicks within your app goes viral, if it clicks within a certain market, the sky's is the a certain market, the sky's is the a certain market, the sky's is the limit. Also, the mobile app niche is way limit. Also, the mobile app niche is way limit. Also, the mobile app niche is way less saturated than the web app. less saturated than the web app. less saturated than the web app. Everybody is white coding web apps. Everybody is white coding web apps. Everybody is white coding web apps. Mobile apps are way more untapped. Plus, Mobile apps are way more untapped. Plus, Mobile apps are way more untapped. Plus, the market is actually bigger. More the market is actually bigger. More the market is actually bigger. More people have phones than laptops. So, not people have phones than laptops. So, not people have phones than laptops. So, not only is it less competition, but it's only is it less competition, but it's only is it less competition, but it's actually bigger potential reward if you actually bigger potential reward if you actually bigger potential reward if you go into mobile apps. So, it is all of go into mobile apps. So, it is all of go into mobile apps. So, it is all of these reasons why I think building these reasons why I think building these reasons why I think building mobile apps with AI is one of the mobile apps with AI is one of the mobile apps with AI is one of the biggest opportunities there is. And as I biggest opportunities there is. And as I biggest opportunities there is. And as I said, there is no easier way that I know said, there is no easier way that I know said, there is no easier way that I know of than using anything to build your of than using anything to build your of than using anything to build your app. So again, go to create anything.com app. So again, go to create anything.com app. So again, go to create anything.com and get started. Sure, you can watch me and get started. Sure, you can watch me and get started. Sure, you can watch me build apps, but until you do it build apps, but until you do it build apps, but until you do it yourself, until you type in that first yourself, until you type in that first yourself, until you type in that first prompt and you see the app and you test prompt and you see the app and you test prompt and you see the app and you test it on the phone, that's when you feel it on the phone, that's when you feel it on the phone, that's when you feel the magic of Anything.
