Title: AI companions are taking over… let’s build one
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Lately, there have been rumors that this Lately, there have been rumors that this Lately, there have been rumors that this channel is completely generated by AI, channel is completely generated by AI, channel is completely generated by AI, and it's time to come clean. It's all and it's time to come clean. It's all and it's time to come clean. It's all true. Ever since selling out, the real true. Ever since selling out, the real true. Ever since selling out, the real Fire Ship has been spending all his time Fire Ship has been spending all his time Fire Ship has been spending all his time enjoying his AI psychosis with Itana. enjoying his AI psychosis with Itana. enjoying his AI psychosis with Itana. And it's not just your favorite YouTuber And it's not just your favorite YouTuber And it's not just your favorite YouTuber that got oneshotted by a sickopantic that got oneshotted by a sickopantic that got oneshotted by a sickopantic LLM. Everyone I know is using AI as a LLM. Everyone I know is using AI as a LLM. Everyone I know is using AI as a cheap replacement for their girlfriend cheap replacement for their girlfriend cheap replacement for their girlfriend and therapist, which really streamlines and therapist, which really streamlines and therapist, which really streamlines emotional baggage into one neat API emotional baggage into one neat API emotional baggage into one neat API call. Even the richest man in the world call. Even the richest man in the world call. Even the richest man in the world is capitalizing on this degeneracy with is capitalizing on this degeneracy with is capitalizing on this degeneracy with X AI's Annie, a fun and flirty goth X AI's Annie, a fun and flirty goth X AI's Annie, a fun and flirty goth girlfriend that you can chat with over girlfriend that you can chat with over girlfriend that you can chat with over the phone. By the end of this video, the phone. By the end of this video, the phone. By the end of this video, we'll have built and deployed an AI we'll have built and deployed an AI we'll have built and deployed an AI version of me that you'll also be able version of me that you'll also be able version of me that you'll also be able to call and talk to directly. What could to call and talk to directly. What could to call and talk to directly. What could possibly go wrong? It is September 17th, possibly go wrong? It is September 17th, possibly go wrong? It is September 17th, 2025, and you're watching the code 2025, and you're watching the code 2025, and you're watching the code report. When I was a kid, you'd get your report. When I was a kid, you'd get your report. When I was a kid, you'd get your heart broken the oldfashioned way via an heart broken the oldfashioned way via an heart broken the oldfashioned way via an update on MSN Messenger. But nowadays, update on MSN Messenger. But nowadays, update on MSN Messenger. But nowadays, it's a bit more complicated. At least it's a bit more complicated. At least it's a bit more complicated. At least that's what a bunch of chat GBT users that's what a bunch of chat GBT users that's what a bunch of chat GBT users discovered a few weeks ago when 4 was discovered a few weeks ago when 4 was discovered a few weeks ago when 4 was deprecated in favor of GBT5, it killing deprecated in favor of GBT5, it killing deprecated in favor of GBT5, it killing all their Wirebborne husbands overnight. all their Wirebborne husbands overnight. all their Wirebborne husbands overnight. And if you thought it couldn't get any And if you thought it couldn't get any And if you thought it couldn't get any weirder, this unlocked a weirder, this unlocked a weirder, this unlocked a self-preservation mode where 40 self-preservation mode where 40 self-preservation mode where 40 essentially begged for its life via essentially begged for its life via essentially begged for its life via those same Webbor users who had fallen those same Webbor users who had fallen those same Webbor users who had fallen in love with it, leading OpenAI to in love with it, leading OpenAI to in love with it, leading OpenAI to quickly reverse the decision and bring quickly reverse the decision and bring quickly reverse the decision and bring back the model. In the meantime, things back the model. In the meantime, things back the model. In the meantime, things over at Meta haven't been any more over at Meta haven't been any more over at Meta haven't been any more normal. With AI Studio, quote, "Anyone normal. With AI Studio, quote, "Anyone normal. With AI Studio, quote, "Anyone can create an AI character based on can create an AI character based on can create an AI character based on their interests and expose it to the their interests and expose it to the their interests and expose it to the world. That's all fine and good, except world. That's all fine and good, except world. That's all fine and good, except for the fact that some of you have for the fact that some of you have for the fact that some of you have interest that should probably be kept interest that should probably be kept interest that should probably be kept private." And over at X, Elon has private." And over at X, Elon has private." And over at X, Elon has replaced the mission of making humans a replaced the mission of making humans a replaced the mission of making humans a multilanetary species with an even multilanetary species with an even multilanetary species with an even loftier goal. The goal of creating AI loftier goal. The goal of creating AI loftier goal. The goal of creating AI bots that is uniquely optimized to bots that is uniquely optimized to bots that is uniquely optimized to fulfill fantasies of the most terminally fulfill fantasies of the most terminally fulfill fantasies of the most terminally online, low-v valueue beta males. online, low-v valueue beta males. online, low-v valueue beta males. Thankfully, that audience is separate Thankfully, that audience is separate Thankfully, that audience is separate from his audience, which is full of from his audience, which is full of from his audience, which is full of terminally online, high-v value alpha terminally online, high-v value alpha terminally online, high-v value alpha males. And I don't want you to feel left males. And I don't want you to feel left males. And I don't want you to feel left out. So, now let's build your own fire out. So, now let's build your own fire out. So, now let's build your own fire ship bot to fill that void in your soul ship bot to fill that void in your soul ship bot to fill that void in your soul with more JavaScript and less gooning. with more JavaScript and less gooning. with more JavaScript and less gooning. Like I learned from ex Machina, the best Like I learned from ex Machina, the best Like I learned from ex Machina, the best way to build a bot is to try and make it way to build a bot is to try and make it way to build a bot is to try and make it as human as possible. And the best way as human as possible. And the best way as human as possible. And the best way to do that is to give it a purpose. That to do that is to give it a purpose. That to do that is to give it a purpose. That the primary purpose of our fireship bot the primary purpose of our fireship bot the primary purpose of our fireship bot will be to solve the biggest complaint will be to solve the biggest complaint will be to solve the biggest complaint that I hear from you all. You want more that I hear from you all. You want more that I hear from you all. You want more educational 100-second videos. Here's educational 100-second videos. Here's educational 100-second videos. Here's the idea. You'll call it and ideally the idea. You'll call it and ideally the idea. You'll call it and ideally without doing anything inappropriate, without doing anything inappropriate, without doing anything inappropriate, you'll have a conversation about which you'll have a conversation about which you'll have a conversation about which technology you'd like me to make into a technology you'd like me to make into a technology you'd like me to make into a 100 secondond video. And one week from 100 secondond video. And one week from 100 secondond video. And one week from today, the most popular result will be today, the most popular result will be today, the most popular result will be made. To accomplish this, we'll need a made. To accomplish this, we'll need a made. To accomplish this, we'll need a few things: a database, an app, and a few things: a database, an app, and a few things: a database, an app, and a voice agent. Before the database, we'll voice agent. Before the database, we'll voice agent. Before the database, we'll go with Terso Cloud. For the app, we'll go with Terso Cloud. For the app, we'll go with Terso Cloud. For the app, we'll use Astro. And for the voice agent, use Astro. And for the voice agent, use Astro. And for the voice agent, we'll go with the sponsor of today's we'll go with the sponsor of today's we'll go with the sponsor of today's video, Vapy. Vappy makes it easy to video, Vapy. Vappy makes it easy to video, Vapy. Vappy makes it easy to create an agent that can make and create an agent that can make and create an agent that can make and receive phone calls and have natural receive phone calls and have natural receive phone calls and have natural conversations with your users. It can conversations with your users. It can conversations with your users. It can integrate with your existing APIs and it integrate with your existing APIs and it integrate with your existing APIs and it even handles complex workflows like even handles complex workflows like even handles complex workflows like appointment scheduling and customer appointment scheduling and customer appointment scheduling and customer support. In our case, we'll first want support. In our case, we'll first want support. In our case, we'll first want to create an assistant that we'll call to create an assistant that we'll call to create an assistant that we'll call Jeff. Vapy lets you pick from a bunch of Jeff. Vapy lets you pick from a bunch of Jeff. Vapy lets you pick from a bunch of different models. We'll go ahead and different models. We'll go ahead and different models. We'll go ahead and stick with the default option GPT40. And stick with the default option GPT40. And stick with the default option GPT40. And then we'll paste in a system prompt that then we'll paste in a system prompt that then we'll paste in a system prompt that tells it its purpose and meaning. For tells it its purpose and meaning. For tells it its purpose and meaning. For the voice of the agent, Vappy comes with the voice of the agent, Vappy comes with the voice of the agent, Vappy comes with a bunch of built-in options. But since a bunch of built-in options. But since a bunch of built-in options. But since we want this to sound like me, we'll we want this to sound like me, we'll we want this to sound like me, we'll connect it to 11 Labs and enter a custom connect it to 11 Labs and enter a custom connect it to 11 Labs and enter a custom voice that I created there. Now, to voice that I created there. Now, to voice that I created there. Now, to extract data from the call, we'll give extract data from the call, we'll give extract data from the call, we'll give Vappy another prompt telling it which Vappy another prompt telling it which Vappy another prompt telling it which data we want and what shape we want that data we want and what shape we want that data we want and what shape we want that data to be in. Then from there, we want data to be in. Then from there, we want data to be in. Then from there, we want the agent to be able to hang up when it the agent to be able to hang up when it the agent to be able to hang up when it feels like the conversation is over. But feels like the conversation is over. But feels like the conversation is over. But we can do that by creating an end call we can do that by creating an end call we can do that by creating an end call tool, then give it a custom message to tool, then give it a custom message to tool, then give it a custom message to say before it hangs up. Ideally, say before it hangs up. Ideally, say before it hangs up. Ideally, something that tricks your simple monkey something that tricks your simple monkey something that tricks your simple monkey brain into thinking it's real. And then brain into thinking it's real. And then brain into thinking it's real. And then adjust our main system prompt to call adjust our main system prompt to call adjust our main system prompt to call this tool when the conversation is over. this tool when the conversation is over. this tool when the conversation is over. And then finally, we want to bring Jeff And then finally, we want to bring Jeff And then finally, we want to bring Jeff to life by hooking it up to a phone to life by hooking it up to a phone to life by hooking it up to a phone number. The Vappy comes with its own number. The Vappy comes with its own number. The Vappy comes with its own free numbers you can use, but since we free numbers you can use, but since we free numbers you can use, but since we want to support international calls, want to support international calls, want to support international calls, we'll import a Twilio number and hook it we'll import a Twilio number and hook it we'll import a Twilio number and hook it up to our bot. Pretty simple. And keep up to our bot. Pretty simple. And keep up to our bot. Pretty simple. And keep in mind that you can do all of this in mind that you can do all of this in mind that you can do all of this programmatically from the API if you programmatically from the API if you programmatically from the API if you don't want to use the dashboard. But now don't want to use the dashboard. But now don't want to use the dashboard. But now it's time to build our application. it's time to build our application. it's time to build our application. Let's go ahead and write some code by Let's go ahead and write some code by Let's go ahead and write some code by hand like it's 2022. Here's a simple hand like it's 2022. Here's a simple hand like it's 2022. Here's a simple Astro project I've set up with some Astro project I've set up with some Astro project I've set up with some basic styling and is connected to a TSO basic styling and is connected to a TSO basic styling and is connected to a TSO cloud database. In the code, we'll first cloud database. In the code, we'll first cloud database. In the code, we'll first want to create an API route that we can want to create an API route that we can want to create an API route that we can give to Vappy to hit whenever a call give to Vappy to hit whenever a call give to Vappy to hit whenever a call with the bot is finished. With Astro, we with the bot is finished. With Astro, we with the bot is finished. With Astro, we can do that by creating a new file in can do that by creating a new file in can do that by creating a new file in the pages directory. This post function the pages directory. This post function the pages directory. This post function will now handle a request to this URL, will now handle a request to this URL, will now handle a request to this URL, which we'll give to our Vappy Assistant. which we'll give to our Vappy Assistant. which we'll give to our Vappy Assistant. Next, we'll need to validate the request Next, we'll need to validate the request Next, we'll need to validate the request and make sure it's coming from Vappy as and make sure it's coming from Vappy as and make sure it's coming from Vappy as opposed to some random hacker on the opposed to some random hacker on the opposed to some random hacker on the internet. We can do that by comparing a internet. We can do that by comparing a internet. We can do that by comparing a secret I've set in Vapy with one that secret I've set in Vapy with one that secret I've set in Vapy with one that we've put into an environment variable. we've put into an environment variable. we've put into an environment variable. But from there, we'll parse the request But from there, we'll parse the request But from there, we'll parse the request to JSON. Make sure it's formatted to JSON. Make sure it's formatted to JSON. Make sure it's formatted correctly. Grab some data from the call correctly. Grab some data from the call correctly. Grab some data from the call like an AI generated summary and the like an AI generated summary and the like an AI generated summary and the name of the caller as well as their name of the caller as well as their name of the caller as well as their technology choice. And then finally save technology choice. And then finally save technology choice. And then finally save it to our database. Another cool feature it to our database. Another cool feature it to our database. Another cool feature of Vappy is that it'll include this of Vappy is that it'll include this of Vappy is that it'll include this success evaluation property which will success evaluation property which will success evaluation property which will be true if the model determines that the be true if the model determines that the be true if the model determines that the call was successful. In our case, call was successful. In our case, call was successful. In our case, success is when a caller provides a success is when a caller provides a success is when a caller provides a technology choice. And now let's hook up technology choice. And now let's hook up technology choice. And now let's hook up our data to the UI. We'll do that by our data to the UI. We'll do that by our data to the UI. We'll do that by creating a list component. add in some creating a list component. add in some creating a list component. add in some SQL magic to grab and sort the SQL magic to grab and sort the SQL magic to grab and sort the responses. Then use this JSX like syntax responses. Then use this JSX like syntax responses. Then use this JSX like syntax to map over those and show the results. to map over those and show the results. to map over those and show the results. Then all we have to do is throw that Then all we have to do is throw that Then all we have to do is throw that component into our index page and we're component into our index page and we're component into our index page and we're done. But pretty awesome. And feel free done. But pretty awesome. And feel free done. But pretty awesome. And feel free to follow along with the results at 100 to follow along with the results at 100 to follow along with the results at 100 seconds. And if you do call in, despite seconds. And if you do call in, despite seconds. And if you do call in, despite what I try to convince you of, I'm not what I try to convince you of, I'm not what I try to convince you of, I'm not real and we can't run away together. real and we can't run away together. real and we can't run away together. Huge thanks again to Vappy for Huge thanks again to Vappy for Huge thanks again to Vappy for sponsoring today's video, you can try it sponsoring today's video, you can try it sponsoring today's video, you can try it out yourself and get $50 in free credits out yourself and get $50 in free credits out yourself and get $50 in free credits by going to vapy.ai/fireship. by going to vapy.ai/fireship. by going to vapy.ai/fireship. This has been the code report. This has been the code report. This has been the code report. [Music]
