Title: New MIT study says most AI projects are doomed...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Last week, Mark Zuckerberg put a freeze Last week, Mark Zuckerberg put a freeze Last week, Mark Zuckerberg put a freeze on all AI hiring at Meta, just weeks on all AI hiring at Meta, just weeks on all AI hiring at Meta, just weeks after spending billions of dollars after spending billions of dollars after spending billions of dollars poaching top talent from competitors poaching top talent from competitors poaching top talent from competitors like Open AI. Meanwhile, in a story few like Open AI. Meanwhile, in a story few like Open AI. Meanwhile, in a story few could have foreseen, everybody in could have foreseen, everybody in could have foreseen, everybody in Silicon Valley seems to be talking about Silicon Valley seems to be talking about Silicon Valley seems to be talking about an AI bubble. In part, because it was an AI bubble. In part, because it was an AI bubble. In part, because it was recently revealed that 95% of AIdriven recently revealed that 95% of AIdriven recently revealed that 95% of AIdriven projects fail. And that's not just some projects fail. And that's not just some projects fail. And that's not just some random number I pulled out of nowhere. random number I pulled out of nowhere. random number I pulled out of nowhere. It's based on an MIT study that analyzed It's based on an MIT study that analyzed It's based on an MIT study that analyzed the results of companies using AI. It the results of companies using AI. It the results of companies using AI. It spooked investors who are relying on AI spooked investors who are relying on AI spooked investors who are relying on AI to maintain irrational exuberance in the to maintain irrational exuberance in the to maintain irrational exuberance in the markets. And Sam Alman himself said markets. And Sam Alman himself said markets. And Sam Alman himself said this. Are we in a phase where investors this. Are we in a phase where investors this. Are we in a phase where investors as a whole are over excited about AI? In as a whole are over excited about AI? In as a whole are over excited about AI? In my opinion, yes. So, in today's video, my opinion, yes. So, in today's video, my opinion, yes. So, in today's video, we'll find out if the AI hype train is we'll find out if the AI hype train is we'll find out if the AI hype train is about to reach its terminus. It is about to reach its terminus. It is about to reach its terminus. It is August 25th, 2025, and you're watching August 25th, 2025, and you're watching August 25th, 2025, and you're watching the code report. I've been using AI the code report. I've been using AI the code report. I've been using AI coding tools from the very beginning coding tools from the very beginning coding tools from the very beginning because, believe it or not, I actually because, believe it or not, I actually because, believe it or not, I actually hate writing code. I do like developing hate writing code. I do like developing hate writing code. I do like developing software, and the code is just a means software, and the code is just a means software, and the code is just a means to an end. After multiple years of using to an end. After multiple years of using to an end. After multiple years of using AI to write code, I still don't feel AI to write code, I still don't feel AI to write code, I still don't feel like a 10x developer. Sometimes I feel like a 10x developer. Sometimes I feel like a 10x developer. Sometimes I feel like a 2x developer, while other times I like a 2x developer, while other times I like a 2x developer, while other times I feel more like a 0.5x developer. And feel more like a 0.5x developer. And feel more like a 0.5x developer. And apparently, I'm not the only one. This apparently, I'm not the only one. This apparently, I'm not the only one. This recent study from MIT analyzed 300 recent study from MIT analyzed 300 recent study from MIT analyzed 300 public deployments, interviewed 150 public deployments, interviewed 150 public deployments, interviewed 150 leaders, and surveyed 350 employees leaders, and surveyed 350 employees leaders, and surveyed 350 employees connected to recent AI integrations. connected to recent AI integrations. connected to recent AI integrations. We're talking about 30 to 40 billion in We're talking about 30 to 40 billion in We're talking about 30 to 40 billion in enterprise investment into generative enterprise investment into generative enterprise investment into generative AI. And yet it was found that 95% of AI. And yet it was found that 95% of AI. And yet it was found that 95% of them failed to achieve the goal of rapid them failed to achieve the goal of rapid them failed to achieve the goal of rapid revenue acceleration. In fact, almost revenue acceleration. In fact, almost revenue acceleration. In fact, almost all of them experienced little to no all of them experienced little to no all of them experienced little to no measurable impact on the bottom line. In measurable impact on the bottom line. In measurable impact on the bottom line. In addition, the study found that companies addition, the study found that companies addition, the study found that companies that tried to roll out their own AI that tried to roll out their own AI that tried to roll out their own AI tooling had a much higher failure rate tooling had a much higher failure rate tooling had a much higher failure rate because why pay for an AI tool when you because why pay for an AI tool when you because why pay for an AI tool when you can build a worse version yourself. can build a worse version yourself. can build a worse version yourself. Companies that paid a third party were Companies that paid a third party were Companies that paid a third party were better off. And I think the moral of the better off. And I think the moral of the better off. And I think the moral of the story here is that it's a great time to story here is that it's a great time to story here is that it's a great time to be an enterprise AI shovel salesman. But be an enterprise AI shovel salesman. But be an enterprise AI shovel salesman. But despite the high failure rate in the despite the high failure rate in the despite the high failure rate in the study, there are some great success study, there are some great success study, there are some great success stories out there. Like back in 2023, stories out there. Like back in 2023, stories out there. Like back in 2023, enterprise software company Ignite CEO enterprise software company Ignite CEO enterprise software company Ignite CEO Eric Vaughn fired 80% of his developers Eric Vaughn fired 80% of his developers Eric Vaughn fired 80% of his developers and replaced them with AI. It's now 2 and replaced them with AI. It's now 2 and replaced them with AI. It's now 2 years later and he has no regrets and years later and he has no regrets and years later and he has no regrets and says the decision is now delivering 75% says the decision is now delivering 75% says the decision is now delivering 75% profit margins. And ultimately, the profit margins. And ultimately, the profit margins. And ultimately, the interpretation of the MIT study was that interpretation of the MIT study was that interpretation of the MIT study was that it's not the fault of the AI models that it's not the fault of the AI models that it's not the fault of the AI models that the AI sucks at making money. The models the AI sucks at making money. The models the AI sucks at making money. The models are definitely smart enough. It's just are definitely smart enough. It's just are definitely smart enough. It's just the humans suck at using them. It's the humans suck at using them. It's the humans suck at using them. It's nothing but a skill issue. The AI nothing but a skill issue. The AI nothing but a skill issue. The AI integrations failed due to brittle integrations failed due to brittle integrations failed due to brittle workflows, lack of context, and workflows, lack of context, and workflows, lack of context, and misalignment with day-to-day operations. misalignment with day-to-day operations. misalignment with day-to-day operations. Many have failed to realize that AI vibe Many have failed to realize that AI vibe Many have failed to realize that AI vibe coding is almost identical to crack. coding is almost identical to crack. coding is almost identical to crack. After the first hit, you feel After the first hit, you feel After the first hit, you feel invincible, like you could write a invincible, like you could write a invincible, like you could write a billion dollar piece of software in billion dollar piece of software in billion dollar piece of software in hours. But then 200 hits later, you've hours. But then 200 hits later, you've hours. But then 200 hits later, you've got nothing but errors in $100,000 cla got nothing but errors in $100,000 cla got nothing but errors in $100,000 cla bill, and you're still convinced that bill, and you're still convinced that bill, and you're still convinced that the next prompt is going to be the one the next prompt is going to be the one the next prompt is going to be the one that fixes it all. With all the slop that fixes it all. With all the slop that fixes it all. With all the slop intensifying, it looks like programmers intensifying, it looks like programmers intensifying, it looks like programmers should still have a job writing code for should still have a job writing code for should still have a job writing code for the foreseeable future, which is why you the foreseeable future, which is why you the foreseeable future, which is why you need to check out Tupil, the sponsor of need to check out Tupil, the sponsor of need to check out Tupil, the sponsor of today's video. It's a remote pair today's video. It's a remote pair today's video. It's a remote pair programming app for Mac OS and Windows programming app for Mac OS and Windows programming app for Mac OS and Windows that's loved by teams at Shopify, Clerk, that's loved by teams at Shopify, Clerk, that's loved by teams at Shopify, Clerk, and many more. That's because it gives and many more. That's because it gives and many more. That's because it gives you high-risisk screen sharing that lets you high-risisk screen sharing that lets you high-risisk screen sharing that lets you see the tiny text in each other's you see the tiny text in each other's you see the tiny text in each other's IDE, plus shared remote control with IDE, plus shared remote control with IDE, plus shared remote control with super low latency, so it feels like your super low latency, so it feels like your super low latency, so it feels like your team is working together on a single team is working together on a single team is working together on a single machine. It's like Figma and Zoom had a machine. It's like Figma and Zoom had a machine. It's like Figma and Zoom had a baby that was built specifically for baby that was built specifically for baby that was built specifically for developers, but the entire app is developers, but the entire app is developers, but the entire app is written in C++, so it won't hog all your written in C++, so it won't hog all your written in C++, so it won't hog all your CPU cycles either. You can try Tupal for CPU cycles either. You can try Tupal for CPU cycles either. You can try Tupal for free at the link below, or use code free at the link below, or use code free at the link below, or use code fireship to get a special discount for fireship to get a special discount for fireship to get a special discount for your entire team. This has been the Code your entire team. This has been the Code your entire team. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching and I will Report. Thanks for watching and I will Report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
