Title: OpenAI’s new slop machine is open for business…
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday was a bad day for those with Yesterday was a bad day for those with Yesterday was a bad day for those with AI paranoia and a great day for those AI paranoia and a great day for those AI paranoia and a great day for those who are thirsty for Sam Olman. That's who are thirsty for Sam Olman. That's who are thirsty for Sam Olman. That's because OpenAI released Sora 2, their because OpenAI released Sora 2, their because OpenAI released Sora 2, their latest video generation model that's latest video generation model that's latest video generation model that's more physically accurate, realistic, and more physically accurate, realistic, and more physically accurate, realistic, and controllable than anything we've seen controllable than anything we've seen controllable than anything we've seen before. Yes, I did have to buy my invite before. Yes, I did have to buy my invite before. Yes, I did have to buy my invite code off eBay because I have no friends code off eBay because I have no friends code off eBay because I have no friends in real life. But it was worth it for in real life. But it was worth it for in real life. But it was worth it for the constant stream of hyperpersonalized the constant stream of hyperpersonalized the constant stream of hyperpersonalized AI generated content that's been rotting AI generated content that's been rotting AI generated content that's been rotting my dopamine sensors for the last 24 my dopamine sensors for the last 24 my dopamine sensors for the last 24 hours. You might remember this video of hours. You might remember this video of hours. You might remember this video of Will Smith eating spaghetti from two Will Smith eating spaghetti from two Will Smith eating spaghetti from two years ago that took the world by storm. years ago that took the world by storm. years ago that took the world by storm. At the time, we humans joked about it At the time, we humans joked about it At the time, we humans joked about it because we could easily tell it was because we could easily tell it was because we could easily tell it was fake. Then a year later, Generative AI fake. Then a year later, Generative AI fake. Then a year later, Generative AI took another leap forward. And on this took another leap forward. And on this took another leap forward. And on this very channel, I said this new video of very channel, I said this new video of very channel, I said this new video of Will was nothing to joke around about. Will was nothing to joke around about. Will was nothing to joke around about. Well, here we are after another year and Well, here we are after another year and Well, here we are after another year and another leap, and it's starting to get another leap, and it's starting to get another leap, and it's starting to get weird. The Sora 2 not only creates weird. The Sora 2 not only creates weird. The Sora 2 not only creates incredibly realistic videos, but unlike incredibly realistic videos, but unlike incredibly realistic videos, but unlike the original version, they now come with the original version, they now come with the original version, they now come with sound. sound. sound. Eat it. Eat up your slot, piggies. which Eat it. Eat up your slot, piggies. which Eat it. Eat up your slot, piggies. which means we can make videos like this with means we can make videos like this with means we can make videos like this with a simple text prompt. In fact, a simple text prompt. In fact, a simple text prompt. In fact, everything you're seeing here has been everything you're seeing here has been everything you're seeing here has been AI generated by Sora. Oh, oops, not that AI generated by Sora. Oh, oops, not that AI generated by Sora. Oh, oops, not that one. That's actually real. From anime to one. That's actually real. From anime to one. That's actually real. From anime to cartoons to fake security camera footage cartoons to fake security camera footage cartoons to fake security camera footage to realistic cameos of you watching my to realistic cameos of you watching my to realistic cameos of you watching my videos, it does it all. In today's videos, it does it all. In today's videos, it does it all. In today's video, we'll take a look at all of video, we'll take a look at all of video, we'll take a look at all of Sora's new capabilities and find out if Sora's new capabilities and find out if Sora's new capabilities and find out if video creators are about to go the way video creators are about to go the way video creators are about to go the way of the dodo. It is October 1st, 2025, of the dodo. It is October 1st, 2025, of the dodo. It is October 1st, 2025, and you're watching the code report. and you're watching the code report. and you're watching the code report. There's an ancient Chinese proverb that There's an ancient Chinese proverb that There's an ancient Chinese proverb that says, "Be suspicious of those who says, "Be suspicious of those who says, "Be suspicious of those who promise you AGI while delivering slop." promise you AGI while delivering slop." promise you AGI while delivering slop." But I think they underestimated how But I think they underestimated how But I think they underestimated how delicious the slop is, or sloppilicious, delicious the slop is, or sloppilicious, delicious the slop is, or sloppilicious, if you will, to my simple monkey brain. if you will, to my simple monkey brain. if you will, to my simple monkey brain. Last week, Meta released Vibes, a new Last week, Meta released Vibes, a new Last week, Meta released Vibes, a new feed where you can create short form AI feed where you can create short form AI feed where you can create short form AI generated videos designed to quote, generated videos designed to quote, generated videos designed to quote, "Make it easier to find creative "Make it easier to find creative "Make it easier to find creative inspiration." And well, the response inspiration." And well, the response inspiration." And well, the response from the public went about as well as from the public went about as well as from the public went about as well as you'd expect. Not to be outdone, you'd expect. Not to be outdone, you'd expect. Not to be outdone, yesterday, OpenAI released Sora 2, which yesterday, OpenAI released Sora 2, which yesterday, OpenAI released Sora 2, which is either a video generation model is either a video generation model is either a video generation model according to the announcement post, or according to the announcement post, or according to the announcement post, or it's a social network, unless my eyes it's a social network, unless my eyes it's a social network, unless my eyes are lying to me. If you go on sora.com, are lying to me. If you go on sora.com, are lying to me. If you go on sora.com, it's clearly optimized for consumption. it's clearly optimized for consumption. it's clearly optimized for consumption. The default UI is a for you explore The default UI is a for you explore The default UI is a for you explore page. You can like and comment on page. You can like and comment on page. You can like and comment on different videos. Each creator has their different videos. Each creator has their different videos. Each creator has their own profile you can follow, and you can own profile you can follow, and you can own profile you can follow, and you can only join by getting an invite from only join by getting an invite from only join by getting an invite from someone else. You guys remember someone else. You guys remember someone else. You guys remember Clubhouse, right? They're pulling out Clubhouse, right? They're pulling out Clubhouse, right? They're pulling out all the stops to get as much social all the stops to get as much social all the stops to get as much social media momentum as possible. Basically, media momentum as possible. Basically, media momentum as possible. Basically, it's a full-blown social network, but it's a full-blown social network, but it's a full-blown social network, but all the content is generated by AI. all the content is generated by AI. all the content is generated by AI. Between this and Vibes, it's like we now Between this and Vibes, it's like we now Between this and Vibes, it's like we now have our own infinitely scalable and have our own infinitely scalable and have our own infinitely scalable and always available bore on the floor. always available bore on the floor. always available bore on the floor. Bore on the floor. Bore on the floor. Bore on the floor. Oink for your sausages, piggy. Oink. Oink for your sausages, piggy. Oink. Oink for your sausages, piggy. Oink. We all thought Meta was poaching open AI We all thought Meta was poaching open AI We all thought Meta was poaching open AI researchers to accelerate time to researchers to accelerate time to researchers to accelerate time to artificial super intelligence. But it artificial super intelligence. But it artificial super intelligence. But it looks like they were actually doing it looks like they were actually doing it looks like they were actually doing it to better compete in building out an to better compete in building out an to better compete in building out an infinite AI Tik Tok slot machine. Even infinite AI Tik Tok slot machine. Even infinite AI Tik Tok slot machine. Even former OpenAI researchers are using it former OpenAI researchers are using it former OpenAI researchers are using it as an opportunity to ask their former as an opportunity to ask their former as an opportunity to ask their former colleagues if they really want to sell colleagues if they really want to sell colleagues if they really want to sell sugar water their whole lives. There's a sugar water their whole lives. There's a sugar water their whole lives. There's a definite vibe shift going on. But don't definite vibe shift going on. But don't definite vibe shift going on. But don't worry, Sloppy Sam has assured us that worry, Sloppy Sam has assured us that worry, Sloppy Sam has assured us that they're still focused on AGI with almost they're still focused on AGI with almost they're still focused on AGI with almost all their research effort. And rumor has all their research effort. And rumor has all their research effort. And rumor has it that something big is coming on it that something big is coming on it that something big is coming on Monday. They should be building Monday. They should be building Monday. They should be building something that's actually useful like something that's actually useful like something that's actually useful like Blitzy, the sponsor of today's video. Blitzy, the sponsor of today's video. Blitzy, the sponsor of today's video. It's an autonomous development platform It's an autonomous development platform It's an autonomous development platform built specifically for large enterprise built specifically for large enterprise built specifically for large enterprise code bases, which comes with infinite code bases, which comes with infinite code bases, which comes with infinite code context. That means you can connect code context. That means you can connect code context. That means you can connect your team's repo and Blitzy's thousands your team's repo and Blitzy's thousands your team's repo and Blitzy's thousands of specialized AI agents will think for of specialized AI agents will think for of specialized AI agents will think for hours until it understands every line of hours until it understands every line of hours until it understands every line of code in your entire codebase. From code in your entire codebase. From code in your entire codebase. From there, you can type in the features you there, you can type in the features you there, you can type in the features you want to build and Blitzy will create a want to build and Blitzy will create a want to build and Blitzy will create a technical plan for your approval, then technical plan for your approval, then technical plan for your approval, then generate and pre-ompile the code for generate and pre-ompile the code for generate and pre-ompile the code for each task. It performs 80% of the each task. It performs 80% of the each task. It performs 80% of the development work autonomously, then development work autonomously, then development work autonomously, then gives you a project guide for the final gives you a project guide for the final gives you a project guide for the final 20% of human engineering work required 20% of human engineering work required 20% of human engineering work required to complete the sprint. Blitzy is to complete the sprint. Blitzy is to complete the sprint. Blitzy is already helping large teams see a 5x already helping large teams see a 5x already helping large teams see a 5x increase in engineering velocity and you increase in engineering velocity and you increase in engineering velocity and you can try it out for free today at can try it out for free today at can try it out for free today at blitzy.com. This has been the code blitzy.com. This has been the code blitzy.com. This has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will report. Thanks for watching and I will report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one.
