Title: There's a new Linux distro in town for developers...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

The year is 2025. And when it's all said The year is 2025. And when it's all said The year is 2025. And when it's all said and done, we might finally be able to and done, we might finally be able to and done, we might finally be able to call it the year of the Linux desktop. call it the year of the Linux desktop. call it the year of the Linux desktop. Because if you're a developer, Because if you're a developer, Because if you're a developer, especially a smart, lazy developer, especially a smart, lazy developer, especially a smart, lazy developer, there's a new Linux distro in town there's a new Linux distro in town there's a new Linux distro in town designed just for you. A dro that'll designed just for you. A dro that'll designed just for you. A dro that'll finally let you tell your next Tinder finally let you tell your next Tinder finally let you tell your next Tinder date. I use Arch, by the way. It's date. I use Arch, by the way. It's date. I use Arch, by the way. It's called Omarie, and it takes the called Omarie, and it takes the called Omarie, and it takes the unopinionated Arch and injects the unopinionated Arch and injects the unopinionated Arch and injects the superior opinions of legendary developer superior opinions of legendary developer superior opinions of legendary developer David Hanimire Hansen, DHH. A developer David Hanimire Hansen, DHH. A developer David Hanimire Hansen, DHH. A developer who's richer, better looking, and more who's richer, better looking, and more who's richer, better looking, and more talented than us. If you don't know who talented than us. If you don't know who talented than us. If you don't know who he is, he's most famous for developing he is, he's most famous for developing he is, he's most famous for developing the Ruby on Rails framework. As a former the Ruby on Rails framework. As a former the Ruby on Rails framework. As a former Ruby developer myself, this community Ruby developer myself, this community Ruby developer myself, this community religiously adheres to the MacBook Pro religiously adheres to the MacBook Pro religiously adheres to the MacBook Pro as the one true development machine. But as the one true development machine. But as the one true development machine. But Macs are expensive and riddled with Macs are expensive and riddled with Macs are expensive and riddled with proprietary software. What if there is a proprietary software. What if there is a proprietary software. What if there is a better free and open- source way to use better free and open- source way to use better free and open- source way to use a computer? I just threw out my MacBook. a computer? I just threw out my MacBook. a computer? I just threw out my MacBook. And in today's video, we'll find out if And in today's video, we'll find out if And in today's video, we'll find out if Omari is the ultimate operating system Omari is the ultimate operating system Omari is the ultimate operating system for people who code. It is September for people who code. It is September for people who code. It is September 24th, 2025, and you're watching the Code 24th, 2025, and you're watching the Code 24th, 2025, and you're watching the Code Report. I think my mom must have taken Report. I think my mom must have taken Report. I think my mom must have taken Tylenol when she was pregnant because I Tylenol when she was pregnant because I Tylenol when she was pregnant because I use Windows for development. But it's use Windows for development. But it's use Windows for development. But it's time to grow up. The most important time to grow up. The most important time to grow up. The most important feature to consider when choosing a feature to consider when choosing a feature to consider when choosing a Linux DRO is the logo because that's Linux DRO is the logo because that's Linux DRO is the logo because that's what you'll be wearing on t-shirts and what you'll be wearing on t-shirts and what you'll be wearing on t-shirts and ultimately getting tattooed on your ultimately getting tattooed on your ultimately getting tattooed on your body. And I really like the Omari logo. body. And I really like the Omari logo. body. And I really like the Omari logo. It looks both dangerous and nerdy at the It looks both dangerous and nerdy at the It looks both dangerous and nerdy at the same time. To install it, all you have same time. To install it, all you have same time. To install it, all you have to do is download the ISO file to a USB to do is download the ISO file to a USB to do is download the ISO file to a USB stick, flash it with Bellena Etcher, stick, flash it with Bellena Etcher, stick, flash it with Bellena Etcher, then install it to a hard drive on your then install it to a hard drive on your then install it to a hard drive on your PC. I'd recommend using a new SSD drive PC. I'd recommend using a new SSD drive PC. I'd recommend using a new SSD drive if possible because Omari will do disk if possible because Omari will do disk if possible because Omari will do disk encryption by default and wipe encryption by default and wipe encryption by default and wipe everything from a previously used drive. everything from a previously used drive. everything from a previously used drive. From there, it'll take you through a From there, it'll take you through a From there, it'll take you through a pretty standard setup process and then pretty standard setup process and then pretty standard setup process and then you'll end up on this nicel looking you'll end up on this nicel looking you'll end up on this nicel looking desktop. It uses Hyperland as the window desktop. It uses Hyperland as the window desktop. It uses Hyperland as the window manager, which is a far superior Windows manager, which is a far superior Windows manager, which is a far superior Windows manager than Microsoft Windows. It'll manager than Microsoft Windows. It'll manager than Microsoft Windows. It'll automatically organize your Windows in a automatically organize your Windows in a automatically organize your Windows in a beautiful way. So, you'll no longer need beautiful way. So, you'll no longer need beautiful way. So, you'll no longer need multiple monitors just to develop a multiple monitors just to develop a multiple monitors just to develop a website. If you're not used to it website. If you're not used to it website. If you're not used to it though, at first it might feel though, at first it might feel though, at first it might feel unintuitive because hey, there's no red unintuitive because hey, there's no red unintuitive because hey, there's no red X to close this window with my mouse X to close this window with my mouse X to close this window with my mouse because everything here is optimized for because everything here is optimized for because everything here is optimized for the keyboard. Euthanize your mouse, then the keyboard. Euthanize your mouse, then the keyboard. Euthanize your mouse, then hit the super key plus space to bring up hit the super key plus space to bring up hit the super key plus space to bring up the app launcher. Unlike a regular Arch the app launcher. Unlike a regular Arch the app launcher. Unlike a regular Arch Linux system, you'll notice that this OS Linux system, you'll notice that this OS Linux system, you'll notice that this OS is packed with pre-installed software. is packed with pre-installed software. is packed with pre-installed software. That can be both a good and bad thing. That can be both a good and bad thing. That can be both a good and bad thing. Most people I know who use Arch do so Most people I know who use Arch do so Most people I know who use Arch do so because they want to control every bite because they want to control every bite because they want to control every bite on the system. And seeing all of this on the system. And seeing all of this on the system. And seeing all of this bloatware is making them throw up in bloatware is making them throw up in bloatware is making them throw up in their mouths right now. And if you're a their mouths right now. And if you're a their mouths right now. And if you're a DHH hater, you'll die of cringe when you DHH hater, you'll die of cringe when you DHH hater, you'll die of cringe when you see Base Camp and Hay pre-installed. But see Base Camp and Hay pre-installed. But see Base Camp and Hay pre-installed. But that's not the target audience. It seems that's not the target audience. It seems that's not the target audience. It seems like the idea behind Omari is to get like the idea behind Omari is to get like the idea behind Omari is to get developers to stop using Mac and Windows developers to stop using Mac and Windows developers to stop using Mac and Windows and start using Linux as a daily driver and start using Linux as a daily driver and start using Linux as a daily driver by providing everything you need out of by providing everything you need out of by providing everything you need out of the box. We of course have Git and the box. We of course have Git and the box. We of course have Git and Docker, Obsidian for Markdown, Piñata Docker, Obsidian for Markdown, Piñata Docker, Obsidian for Markdown, Piñata for image editing, and I'm even using for image editing, and I'm even using for image editing, and I'm even using the pre-installed OBS Studio for screen the pre-installed OBS Studio for screen the pre-installed OBS Studio for screen recording. And when it comes to the recording. And when it comes to the recording. And when it comes to the terminal, you have a bunch of modern terminal, you have a bunch of modern terminal, you have a bunch of modern shell tools like FZF for fuzzy finding, shell tools like FZF for fuzzy finding, shell tools like FZF for fuzzy finding, rip grip to replace GP, Zoxside to rip grip to replace GP, Zoxside to rip grip to replace GP, Zoxside to replace CD, and a bunch of other replace CD, and a bunch of other replace CD, and a bunch of other hipstery tools to replace what you would hipstery tools to replace what you would hipstery tools to replace what you would normally find on a GNU Linux DRO. And it normally find on a GNU Linux DRO. And it normally find on a GNU Linux DRO. And it even has its own custom shell functions even has its own custom shell functions even has its own custom shell functions to do things like image conversions. If to do things like image conversions. If to do things like image conversions. If you're writing code though, the big you're writing code though, the big you're writing code though, the big question is where will you write that question is where will you write that question is where will you write that code? Well, obviously not VS Code. A code? Well, obviously not VS Code. A code? Well, obviously not VS Code. A keyboard focused DRO like this could keyboard focused DRO like this could keyboard focused DRO like this could only use Neoim. But like Arch, Neovim is only use Neoim. But like Arch, Neovim is only use Neoim. But like Arch, Neovim is notorious for its configuration notorious for its configuration notorious for its configuration nightmares. But here it's using the Lazy nightmares. But here it's using the Lazy nightmares. But here it's using the Lazy Vim config, a preconfigured version that Vim config, a preconfigured version that Vim config, a preconfigured version that gives you all the power of a modern IDE gives you all the power of a modern IDE gives you all the power of a modern IDE while remaining highly customizable. But while remaining highly customizable. But while remaining highly customizable. But if you're truly a lazy developer, you'll if you're truly a lazy developer, you'll if you're truly a lazy developer, you'll need some AI to write your code. Well, need some AI to write your code. Well, need some AI to write your code. Well, Arch has a massive package ecosystem Arch has a massive package ecosystem Arch has a massive package ecosystem through Pac-Man and the Arch user through Pac-Man and the Arch user through Pac-Man and the Arch user repository. And we can easily install repository. And we can easily install repository. And we can easily install new stuff by hitting super alt space. new stuff by hitting super alt space. new stuff by hitting super alt space. Find your favorite AI package like Cloud Find your favorite AI package like Cloud Find your favorite AI package like Cloud Code and install it. It's really that Code and install it. It's really that Code and install it. It's really that easy. Even easier than a Mac or Windows easy. Even easier than a Mac or Windows easy. Even easier than a Mac or Windows machine. And that's coming from a machine. And that's coming from a machine. And that's coming from a Tylenol baby. Pretty cool. But is Omari Tylenol baby. Pretty cool. But is Omari Tylenol baby. Pretty cool. But is Omari right for you? Well, if you're already right for you? Well, if you're already right for you? Well, if you're already an Arch Linux Giga Chad, you're going to an Arch Linux Giga Chad, you're going to an Arch Linux Giga Chad, you're going to hate this thing. It's way too hate this thing. It's way too hate this thing. It's way too opinionated, but that's the idea. If you opinionated, but that's the idea. If you opinionated, but that's the idea. If you already hate DHH, then you're going to already hate DHH, then you're going to already hate DHH, then you're going to hate it. And if you hate memorizing hate it. And if you hate memorizing hate it. And if you hate memorizing keyboard shortcuts for everything, you keyboard shortcuts for everything, you keyboard shortcuts for everything, you might hate it, but that shouldn't might hate it, but that shouldn't might hate it, but that shouldn't discourage you from using Linux. Also, discourage you from using Linux. Also, discourage you from using Linux. Also, try out dros like Bluefin, which comes try out dros like Bluefin, which comes try out dros like Bluefin, which comes preconfigured with VS Code and dev preconfigured with VS Code and dev preconfigured with VS Code and dev containers. Ultimately though, Omari containers. Ultimately though, Omari containers. Ultimately though, Omari feels like a great new gateway drug to feels like a great new gateway drug to feels like a great new gateway drug to get people hooked on Linux without all get people hooked on Linux without all get people hooked on Linux without all the pain and suffering it takes to the pain and suffering it takes to the pain and suffering it takes to configure a fully loaded system. But configure a fully loaded system. But configure a fully loaded system. But speaking of the terminal, another tool speaking of the terminal, another tool speaking of the terminal, another tool you need to know about is Code Rabbit, you need to know about is Code Rabbit, you need to know about is Code Rabbit, the sponsor of today's video. They just the sponsor of today's video. They just the sponsor of today's video. They just launched the Code Rabbit CLI to give you launched the Code Rabbit CLI to give you launched the Code Rabbit CLI to give you senior level code reviews right in your senior level code reviews right in your senior level code reviews right in your terminal. That means if you're using a terminal. That means if you're using a terminal. That means if you're using a CLI based coding agent like Cloud Code, CLI based coding agent like Cloud Code, CLI based coding agent like Cloud Code, you can just install Code Rabbit once, you can just install Code Rabbit once, you can just install Code Rabbit once, then ask Claude to run it whenever you then ask Claude to run it whenever you then ask Claude to run it whenever you want feedback on your uncommitted want feedback on your uncommitted want feedback on your uncommitted changes or specific files. From there, changes or specific files. From there, changes or specific files. From there, Code Rabbit flags all of the bugs and Code Rabbit flags all of the bugs and Code Rabbit flags all of the bugs and hallucinations, then hands it back to hallucinations, then hands it back to hallucinations, then hands it back to Claude to fix everything in the Claude to fix everything in the Claude to fix everything in the background until the code is cleaned up background until the code is cleaned up background until the code is cleaned up enough to pass an actual code review. enough to pass an actual code review. enough to pass an actual code review. The Code Rabbit CLI is free to use, and The Code Rabbit CLI is free to use, and The Code Rabbit CLI is free to use, and you can install it using the command on you can install it using the command on you can install it using the command on screen or by checking out the link screen or by checking out the link screen or by checking out the link below. This has been the Code Report. below. This has been the Code Report. below. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching and I will see you Thanks for watching and I will see you Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
