Title: 29 Biggest AI Stories You Missed This Week
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

There have been a ton of interesting There have been a ton of interesting There have been a ton of interesting developments in the world of AI over the developments in the world of AI over the developments in the world of AI over the past couple of weeks, and today I'm past couple of weeks, and today I'm past couple of weeks, and today I'm going to get you all caught up. We've going to get you all caught up. We've going to get you all caught up. We've got some impressive new video models, got some impressive new video models, got some impressive new video models, smart glasses that seem to blow smart glasses that seem to blow smart glasses that seem to blow everybody's mind, some big AI updates everybody's mind, some big AI updates everybody's mind, some big AI updates out of YouTube, and a new app that'll out of YouTube, and a new app that'll out of YouTube, and a new app that'll actually pay you to let AI spy on your actually pay you to let AI spy on your actually pay you to let AI spy on your phone calls. All that and more in phone calls. All that and more in phone calls. All that and more in today's AI news roundup. There's a lot today's AI news roundup. There's a lot today's AI news roundup. There's a lot to cover, and I don't want to waste your to cover, and I don't want to waste your to cover, and I don't want to waste your time, so let's dig right in. time, so let's dig right in. time, so let's dig right in. Get in my belly. Starting with the Get in my belly. Starting with the Get in my belly. Starting with the newest feature inside of ChatGpt. It's newest feature inside of ChatGpt. It's newest feature inside of ChatGpt. It's called Chat GPT Pulse. And it's called Chat GPT Pulse. And it's called Chat GPT Pulse. And it's basically a daily news digest that basically a daily news digest that basically a daily news digest that ChatGpt will send to your phone every ChatGpt will send to your phone every ChatGpt will send to your phone every morning based on what it knows about morning based on what it knows about morning based on what it knows about you. Pulse proactively does research to you. Pulse proactively does research to you. Pulse proactively does research to deliver personalized updates based on deliver personalized updates based on deliver personalized updates based on your chats feedback and connected apps your chats feedback and connected apps your chats feedback and connected apps like calendar. You can curate what like calendar. You can curate what like calendar. You can curate what ChatGpt researches by letting it know ChatGpt researches by letting it know ChatGpt researches by letting it know what's useful and what isn't. So, when I what's useful and what isn't. So, when I what's useful and what isn't. So, when I open up the chat GPT phone on my app open up the chat GPT phone on my app open up the chat GPT phone on my app here, we can see a new screen. I'm here here, we can see a new screen. I'm here here, we can see a new screen. I'm here to surface what's helpful to you once a to surface what's helpful to you once a to surface what's helpful to you once a day, every day. You decide what shows day, every day. You decide what shows day, every day. You decide what shows up. If you tell me what to focus on, up. If you tell me what to focus on, up. If you tell me what to focus on, I'll curate it for you tomorrow. And we I'll curate it for you tomorrow. And we I'll curate it for you tomorrow. And we can see some of the stuff that it can see some of the stuff that it can see some of the stuff that it curated for me. And I'm guessing this is curated for me. And I'm guessing this is curated for me. And I'm guessing this is just based on previous conversations just based on previous conversations just based on previous conversations I've had with chat GPT and what it knows I've had with chat GPT and what it knows I've had with chat GPT and what it knows about me, like the AI toothbrush about me, like the AI toothbrush about me, like the AI toothbrush gimmick. I definitely need to know more gimmick. I definitely need to know more gimmick. I definitely need to know more about what that is. everyday objects about what that is. everyday objects about what that is. everyday objects with attitude. Coffee makers that nag, with attitude. Coffee makers that nag, with attitude. Coffee makers that nag, lamps that boast. Interesting. And then lamps that boast. Interesting. And then lamps that boast. Interesting. And then we can see it says you decide what shows we can see it says you decide what shows we can see it says you decide what shows up here. What's on your mind lately? up here. What's on your mind lately? up here. What's on your mind lately? I'll remember it for tomorrow's updates. I'll remember it for tomorrow's updates. I'll remember it for tomorrow's updates. So if I put I'm curious about and then So if I put I'm curious about and then So if I put I'm curious about and then put the latest AI news updates. put the latest AI news updates. put the latest AI news updates. Tomorrow's curation should have Tomorrow's curation should have Tomorrow's curation should have information about that. This to me seems information about that. This to me seems information about that. This to me seems very much like Perplexity's like very much like Perplexity's like very much like Perplexity's like discover feature. Although this feels discover feature. Although this feels discover feature. Although this feels even more tailored to you, where even more tailored to you, where even more tailored to you, where Perplexity seems like it's a little bit Perplexity seems like it's a little bit Perplexity seems like it's a little bit more general news. But this could come more general news. But this could come more general news. But this could come in pretty handy. And if I'm being in pretty handy. And if I'm being in pretty handy. And if I'm being honest, this is kind of scary for the honest, this is kind of scary for the honest, this is kind of scary for the newsletter business, which if you know newsletter business, which if you know newsletter business, which if you know me, I have a very large newsletter, the me, I have a very large newsletter, the me, I have a very large newsletter, the Future Tools Newsletter, that curates Future Tools Newsletter, that curates Future Tools Newsletter, that curates all the latest AI tools and news. all the latest AI tools and news. all the latest AI tools and news. Something like this might just curate it Something like this might just curate it Something like this might just curate it to your phone without you needing to to your phone without you needing to to your phone without you needing to read emails. I hate to say it, but it's read emails. I hate to say it, but it's read emails. I hate to say it, but it's kind of reality. We got access to a ton kind of reality. We got access to a ton kind of reality. We got access to a ton of new video models this week as well, of new video models this week as well, of new video models this week as well, including Luma's Ray 3, which is the including Luma's Ray 3, which is the including Luma's Ray 3, which is the world's first reasoning video model. world's first reasoning video model. world's first reasoning video model. They also claimed to be the first to They also claimed to be the first to They also claimed to be the first to generate studiograde HDR or high dynamic generate studiograde HDR or high dynamic generate studiograde HDR or high dynamic range video. There's also a new draft range video. There's also a new draft range video. There's also a new draft mode where you can have it generate the mode where you can have it generate the mode where you can have it generate the video pretty quickly, but in sort of a video pretty quickly, but in sort of a video pretty quickly, but in sort of a lower resolution, lower quality, and lower resolution, lower quality, and lower resolution, lower quality, and then if you like the way the draft then if you like the way the draft then if you like the way the draft version came out, you can have it version came out, you can have it version came out, you can have it generate it in a higher quality version. generate it in a higher quality version. generate it in a higher quality version. It also apparently has much better It also apparently has much better It also apparently has much better physics and seems pretty solid. I physics and seems pretty solid. I physics and seems pretty solid. I actually got a demo in person in New actually got a demo in person in New actually got a demo in person in New York a few days ago, but let's go ahead York a few days ago, but let's go ahead York a few days ago, but let's go ahead and try it out. I'll jump over to and try it out. I'll jump over to and try it out. I'll jump over to lumalabs.ai/dreamachine. lumalabs.ai/dreamachine. lumalabs.ai/dreamachine. Once inside Dream Machine, let's click Once inside Dream Machine, let's click Once inside Dream Machine, let's click the plus here. And then down in the the plus here. And then down in the the plus here. And then down in the bottom, we should be able to change the bottom, we should be able to change the bottom, we should be able to change the model. So, right now, we've got ray 2. model. So, right now, we've got ray 2. model. So, right now, we've got ray 2. And I could select ray 3 or ray 3 And I could select ray 3 or ray 3 And I could select ray 3 or ray 3 reasoning. Let's go ahead and use the reasoning. Let's go ahead and use the reasoning. Let's go ahead and use the reasoning model. And let's set the reasoning model. And let's set the reasoning model. And let's set the dynamic range to HDR. It should give us dynamic range to HDR. It should give us dynamic range to HDR. It should give us a sort of larger variation in colors. a sort of larger variation in colors. a sort of larger variation in colors. We'll try the prompt, a man standing on We'll try the prompt, a man standing on We'll try the prompt, a man standing on his driveway clearing snow with a his driveway clearing snow with a his driveway clearing snow with a flamethrower. And we'll turn on draft flamethrower. And we'll turn on draft flamethrower. And we'll turn on draft mode so that it'll generate something a mode so that it'll generate something a mode so that it'll generate something a little bit faster. We can actually see little bit faster. We can actually see little bit faster. We can actually see it says analyzing the scene of a man it says analyzing the scene of a man it says analyzing the scene of a man clearing snow on his driveway using a clearing snow on his driveway using a clearing snow on his driveway using a flamethrower. So, it's actually thinking flamethrower. So, it's actually thinking flamethrower. So, it's actually thinking through this a little bit. It generated through this a little bit. It generated through this a little bit. It generated what seems to be like the starting what seems to be like the starting what seems to be like the starting frame. Here we can see it's examining frame. Here we can see it's examining frame. Here we can see it's examining the snowy driveway scene to enhance the the snowy driveway scene to enhance the the snowy driveway scene to enhance the man's determined stance and the cold man's determined stance and the cold man's determined stance and the cold cinematic atmosphere. It actually cinematic atmosphere. It actually cinematic atmosphere. It actually annotated some stuff. So, see these annotated some stuff. So, see these annotated some stuff. So, see these circles and drawing here? We've seen circles and drawing here? We've seen circles and drawing here? We've seen that's a really good method for telling that's a really good method for telling that's a really good method for telling these images what to do when they become these images what to do when they become these images what to do when they become videos. Well, this just drew those on videos. Well, this just drew those on videos. Well, this just drew those on there for me. I didn't have to actually there for me. I didn't have to actually there for me. I didn't have to actually annotate anything. It's using AI to do annotate anything. It's using AI to do annotate anything. It's using AI to do the annotation. It's still going. But, the annotation. It's still going. But, the annotation. It's still going. But, you know what's crazy about it is it you know what's crazy about it is it you know what's crazy about it is it made this video of this guy with the made this video of this guy with the made this video of this guy with the flamethrower. But the flamethrower flamethrower. But the flamethrower flamethrower. But the flamethrower looked off, like the flames weren't looked off, like the flames weren't looked off, like the flames weren't coming out of the front of it. And it coming out of the front of it. And it coming out of the front of it. And it seemed to have noticed that and then seemed to have noticed that and then seemed to have noticed that and then remade the video fixing it so that the remade the video fixing it so that the remade the video fixing it so that the flames actually come out of the front of flames actually come out of the front of flames actually come out of the front of the flamethrower. Like that's wild. Like the flamethrower. Like that's wild. Like the flamethrower. Like that's wild. Like this is to me like a truly agentic video this is to me like a truly agentic video this is to me like a truly agentic video model. It checks its work and then goes model. It checks its work and then goes model. It checks its work and then goes back and makes its work better. Okay, so back and makes its work better. Okay, so back and makes its work better. Okay, so it's done. And it did take a few it's done. And it did take a few it's done. And it did take a few minutes. So it was a little bit longer minutes. So it was a little bit longer minutes. So it was a little bit longer than I thought, but we can see it than I thought, but we can see it than I thought, but we can see it generated four drafts. And you can see generated four drafts. And you can see generated four drafts. And you can see in this first one, the flames aren't in this first one, the flames aren't in this first one, the flames aren't really coming out of the flamethrower. really coming out of the flamethrower. really coming out of the flamethrower. They're coming out of the top. and it They're coming out of the top. and it They're coming out of the top. and it doesn't really look like snow's melting doesn't really look like snow's melting doesn't really look like snow's melting or anything. We jump to the second or anything. We jump to the second or anything. We jump to the second draft, same kind of issues. Then we jump draft, same kind of issues. Then we jump draft, same kind of issues. Then we jump to the third draft and look, now it's to the third draft and look, now it's to the third draft and look, now it's actually coming out of the flamethrower. actually coming out of the flamethrower. actually coming out of the flamethrower. And we're seeing the snow on the ground And we're seeing the snow on the ground And we're seeing the snow on the ground melt. And then for whatever reason, the melt. And then for whatever reason, the melt. And then for whatever reason, the final version is fairly jacked up where final version is fairly jacked up where final version is fairly jacked up where a second guy just sort of pops in and a second guy just sort of pops in and a second guy just sort of pops in and there's like a weird jump cut. But this there's like a weird jump cut. But this there's like a weird jump cut. But this third one here is pretty good. And we third one here is pretty good. And we third one here is pretty good. And we can see that's a draft. So, let's go can see that's a draft. So, let's go can see that's a draft. So, let's go ahead and upscale this one into HDR and ahead and upscale this one into HDR and ahead and upscale this one into HDR and turn it into not a draft. And now we turn it into not a draft. And now we turn it into not a draft. And now we have our higher definition version in have our higher definition version in have our higher definition version in 720p. And if I wanted to, I could modify 720p. And if I wanted to, I could modify 720p. And if I wanted to, I could modify it, extend it, or make more like this. it, extend it, or make more like this. it, extend it, or make more like this. But we'll leave it there for now. So, But we'll leave it there for now. So, But we'll leave it there for now. So, you could go and play around with it and you could go and play around with it and you could go and play around with it and see what you get out of it. The video see what you get out of it. The video see what you get out of it. The video model cling 2.5, which a lot of people model cling 2.5, which a lot of people model cling 2.5, which a lot of people say is pretty dang comparable to VO3, say is pretty dang comparable to VO3, say is pretty dang comparable to VO3, has been made available in various has been made available in various has been made available in various platforms. If you use Craya AI, you can platforms. If you use Craya AI, you can platforms. If you use Craya AI, you can now use Clling 2.5 directly inside of now use Clling 2.5 directly inside of now use Clling 2.5 directly inside of Crea. Or if you're more of a fan of Crea. Or if you're more of a fan of Crea. Or if you're more of a fan of Leonardo AI, you can generate videos Leonardo AI, you can generate videos Leonardo AI, you can generate videos with Cling 2.5 directly inside of with Cling 2.5 directly inside of with Cling 2.5 directly inside of Leonardo as well. Let's go ahead and do Leonardo as well. Let's go ahead and do Leonardo as well. Let's go ahead and do it inside of Leonardo. Create with Cling it inside of Leonardo. Create with Cling it inside of Leonardo. Create with Cling 2.5. We'll make sure we have video 2.5. We'll make sure we have video 2.5. We'll make sure we have video selected. And then over on model, it's selected. And then over on model, it's selected. And then over on model, it's still selected as VO3. So, let's go still selected as VO3. So, let's go still selected as VO3. So, let's go ahead and click that and swap it over to ahead and click that and swap it over to ahead and click that and swap it over to Cling 2.5 Turbo. and we'll give it the Cling 2.5 Turbo. and we'll give it the Cling 2.5 Turbo. and we'll give it the prompt, a fashion show where everyone prompt, a fashion show where everyone prompt, a fashion show where everyone walking the runway is wearing clothing walking the runway is wearing clothing walking the runway is wearing clothing made of spaghetti. I will say that Cling made of spaghetti. I will say that Cling made of spaghetti. I will say that Cling 2.5 is pretty slow at generating. It's 2.5 is pretty slow at generating. It's 2.5 is pretty slow at generating. It's been generating for over 7 minutes now been generating for over 7 minutes now been generating for over 7 minutes now and I still haven't gotten my video. It and I still haven't gotten my video. It and I still haven't gotten my video. It took kind of forever to generate, well took kind of forever to generate, well took kind of forever to generate, well over 15 minutes, but this was the output over 15 minutes, but this was the output over 15 minutes, but this was the output that we got from Cling 2.5. I mean, that we got from Cling 2.5. I mean, that we got from Cling 2.5. I mean, yeah, it looks like spaghetti noodles on yeah, it looks like spaghetti noodles on yeah, it looks like spaghetti noodles on those models. It followed the prompt. I those models. It followed the prompt. I those models. It followed the prompt. I don't know if I just saw this video if I don't know if I just saw this video if I don't know if I just saw this video if I would realize that's supposed to be would realize that's supposed to be would realize that's supposed to be spaghetti. It just kind of more looks spaghetti. It just kind of more looks spaghetti. It just kind of more looks like strings. But this is cling 2.5. For like strings. But this is cling 2.5. For like strings. But this is cling 2.5. For the sake of comparison, this is what V3 the sake of comparison, this is what V3 the sake of comparison, this is what V3 created given the exact same prompt. created given the exact same prompt. created given the exact same prompt. Something that in my opinion is much Something that in my opinion is much Something that in my opinion is much more clearly looking like spaghetti. And more clearly looking like spaghetti. And more clearly looking like spaghetti. And that tie is kind of awesome. The that tie is kind of awesome. The that tie is kind of awesome. The platform Higsfield AI also added Clling platform Higsfield AI also added Clling platform Higsfield AI also added Clling 2.5. So if you want another platform to 2.5. So if you want another platform to 2.5. So if you want another platform to go use it in, it's there as well. But go use it in, it's there as well. But go use it in, it's there as well. But they also added Juan 2.5 which is pretty they also added Juan 2.5 which is pretty they also added Juan 2.5 which is pretty widely regarded as the best open-source widely regarded as the best open-source widely regarded as the best open-source AI video model. So it's open source. You AI video model. So it's open source. You AI video model. So it's open source. You have a strong enough computer. You can have a strong enough computer. You can have a strong enough computer. You can actually run this one locally and it actually run this one locally and it actually run this one locally and it generates sound and is pretty comparable generates sound and is pretty comparable generates sound and is pretty comparable to VO3. But let's give one 2.5 a try to VO3. But let's give one 2.5 a try to VO3. But let's give one 2.5 a try inside of Higsfield. So I'll come up to inside of Higsfield. So I'll come up to inside of Higsfield. So I'll come up to the top or video. We'll select one 2.5 the top or video. We'll select one 2.5 the top or video. We'll select one 2.5 here. And since this one generates audio here. And since this one generates audio here. And since this one generates audio as well, let's give it a prompt. a as well, let's give it a prompt. a as well, let's give it a prompt. a traffic jam where every car is shaped traffic jam where every car is shaped traffic jam where every car is shaped like a rubber duck and when the driver like a rubber duck and when the driver like a rubber duck and when the driver honks the horns it sounds like a squeaky honks the horns it sounds like a squeaky honks the horns it sounds like a squeaky toy. And I'm just going to generate it toy. And I'm just going to generate it toy. And I'm just going to generate it at 480p just to kind of speed up the at 480p just to kind of speed up the at 480p just to kind of speed up the process, but you can generate all the process, but you can generate all the process, but you can generate all the way up to 1080p and you can generate 5 way up to 1080p and you can generate 5 way up to 1080p and you can generate 5 or 10 seconds, but I'm just trying to or 10 seconds, but I'm just trying to or 10 seconds, but I'm just trying to make a quick demo. So, let's go ahead make a quick demo. So, let's go ahead make a quick demo. So, let's go ahead and generate this. And it does say that and generate this. And it does say that and generate this. And it does say that a start frame is required. So, let's go a start frame is required. So, let's go a start frame is required. So, let's go ahead and take this exact prompt and ahead and take this exact prompt and ahead and take this exact prompt and we'll generate our starting image. Paste we'll generate our starting image. Paste we'll generate our starting image. Paste that in here. Traffic jam where every that in here. Traffic jam where every that in here. Traffic jam where every car is blah blah blah. So, let's go car is blah blah blah. So, let's go car is blah blah blah. So, let's go ahead and use the model. They have less ahead and use the model. They have less ahead and use the model. They have less models available than I thought. Um, so models available than I thought. Um, so models available than I thought. Um, so let's go ahead and use the flux context let's go ahead and use the flux context let's go ahead and use the flux context max model to generate this image. And we max model to generate this image. And we max model to generate this image. And we got a couple options for our traffic got a couple options for our traffic got a couple options for our traffic jam. So, let's go ahead and use this jam. So, let's go ahead and use this jam. So, let's go ahead and use this one. We'll click it on video. And then one. We'll click it on video. And then one. We'll click it on video. And then once again, we'll leave it on one 2.5. once again, we'll leave it on one 2.5. once again, we'll leave it on one 2.5. And we still have our prompt in here. And we still have our prompt in here. And we still have our prompt in here. So, let's go ahead and now generate it So, let's go ahead and now generate it So, let's go ahead and now generate it with our squeaky toy image. And this is with our squeaky toy image. And this is with our squeaky toy image. And this is what we got out of it. what we got out of it. what we got out of it. [Music] [Music] [Music] I mean, it doesn't really sound like a I mean, it doesn't really sound like a I mean, it doesn't really sound like a duck squeaking, and I don't know why duck squeaking, and I don't know why duck squeaking, and I don't know why they randomly get like horns in their they randomly get like horns in their they randomly get like horns in their mouth that like disappear, but it is mouth that like disappear, but it is mouth that like disappear, but it is another model that will generate both another model that will generate both another model that will generate both video and audio for you. I just picked a video and audio for you. I just picked a video and audio for you. I just picked a very, very random example to try. So, very, very random example to try. So, very, very random example to try. So, yeah, that's available over on Higsfield yeah, that's available over on Higsfield yeah, that's available over on Higsfield as of right now. And just as a quick as of right now. And just as a quick as of right now. And just as a quick update in case you're curious, if you update in case you're curious, if you update in case you're curious, if you have a Crea account, I did notice that have a Crea account, I did notice that have a Crea account, I did notice that Juan 2.5 is available inside of Crea now Juan 2.5 is available inside of Crea now Juan 2.5 is available inside of Crea now as well. So, multiple platforms with as well. So, multiple platforms with as well. So, multiple platforms with multiple video tools all sort of multiple video tools all sort of multiple video tools all sort of available. My personal choice has been available. My personal choice has been available. My personal choice has been Leonardo, but I'm definitely biased. And Leonardo, but I'm definitely biased. And Leonardo, but I'm definitely biased. And Crea and Higsfield have a lot of great Crea and Higsfield have a lot of great Crea and Higsfield have a lot of great models that you can use inside of them models that you can use inside of them models that you can use inside of them as well. The tricky part with AI right as well. The tricky part with AI right as well. The tricky part with AI right now isn't finding cool tools. It's now isn't finding cool tools. It's now isn't finding cool tools. It's getting them to actually work together. getting them to actually work together. getting them to actually work together. You use a chatbot for one thing, then You use a chatbot for one thing, then You use a chatbot for one thing, then copy and paste it into another tool for copy and paste it into another tool for copy and paste it into another tool for the next step, then hop into another the next step, then hop into another the next step, then hop into another platform for images. Everything feels so platform for images. Everything feels so platform for images. Everything feels so scattered with no easy way to connect scattered with no easy way to connect scattered with no easy way to connect the dots. And that's where Make comes the dots. And that's where Make comes the dots. And that's where Make comes in. It basically gives you one place to in. It basically gives you one place to in. It basically gives you one place to build and run entire systems of AI build and run entire systems of AI build and run entire systems of AI agents and automations all in real time. agents and automations all in real time. agents and automations all in real time. Let me give you an example of what that Let me give you an example of what that Let me give you an example of what that looks like. I set up a workflow that I looks like. I set up a workflow that I looks like. I set up a workflow that I call the campaign in a box agent. call the campaign in a box agent. call the campaign in a box agent. Picture you're a marketing agency that Picture you're a marketing agency that Picture you're a marketing agency that just picked up a new client, say a copy just picked up a new client, say a copy just picked up a new client, say a copy brand. Normally, you'd have a team doing brand. Normally, you'd have a team doing brand. Normally, you'd have a team doing research, writing copy, designing ads, research, writing copy, designing ads, research, writing copy, designing ads, and scheduling posts. With Make, you can and scheduling posts. With Make, you can and scheduling posts. With Make, you can have AI agents handle all of that on one have AI agents handle all of that on one have AI agents handle all of that on one visual platform. Here's the flow. First, visual platform. Here's the flow. First, visual platform. Here's the flow. First, an AI research agent scan social media an AI research agent scan social media an AI research agent scan social media to figure out what people are saying to figure out what people are saying to figure out what people are saying about coffee right now. That feeds into about coffee right now. That feeds into about coffee right now. That feeds into a copywriting agent that drafts ad copy a copywriting agent that drafts ad copy a copywriting agent that drafts ad copy and captions in the client's voice. At and captions in the client's voice. At and captions in the client's voice. At the same time, a design agent spins up the same time, a design agent spins up the same time, a design agent spins up creative concepts, product shots, creative concepts, product shots, creative concepts, product shots, carousel ads, even mock-ups with new carousel ads, even mock-ups with new carousel ads, even mock-ups with new slogans. Once it's ready, the post gets slogans. Once it's ready, the post gets slogans. Once it's ready, the post gets pushed straight into auler like Meta Ads pushed straight into auler like Meta Ads pushed straight into auler like Meta Ads Manager or Buffer. And finally, the Manager or Buffer. And finally, the Manager or Buffer. And finally, the whole system loops back with analytics whole system loops back with analytics whole system loops back with analytics inside Make Grid, so you can see which inside Make Grid, so you can see which inside Make Grid, so you can see which ads are working in real time and even ads are working in real time and even ads are working in real time and even shift more budget to the top performing shift more budget to the top performing shift more budget to the top performing content automatically. This isn't just content automatically. This isn't just content automatically. This isn't just automation, it's orchestration. Instead automation, it's orchestration. Instead automation, it's orchestration. Instead of juggling disconnected tools, you've of juggling disconnected tools, you've of juggling disconnected tools, you've got a living campaign that can adapt, got a living campaign that can adapt, got a living campaign that can adapt, scale, and self-optimize all from a scale, and self-optimize all from a scale, and self-optimize all from a single dashboard. For agencies, this single dashboard. For agencies, this single dashboard. For agencies, this means less time stuck in production means less time stuck in production means less time stuck in production bottlenecks and more time focusing on bottlenecks and more time focusing on bottlenecks and more time focusing on strategy and clients. And for strategy and clients. And for strategy and clients. And for businesses, it means faster workflows, businesses, it means faster workflows, businesses, it means faster workflows, lower costs, and better results. So, if lower costs, and better results. So, if lower costs, and better results. So, if you've been wondering how to actually you've been wondering how to actually you've been wondering how to actually put AI to work in your business, this is put AI to work in your business, this is put AI to work in your business, this is the way. Make lets you build, scale, and the way. Make lets you build, scale, and the way. Make lets you build, scale, and control AIdriven workflows at every control AIdriven workflows at every control AIdriven workflows at every level. And right now, they're giving my level. And right now, they're giving my level. And right now, they're giving my audience one month free of the pro plan audience one month free of the pro plan audience one month free of the pro plan if you use the link below. So whether if you use the link below. So whether if you use the link below. So whether you're running an agency or a fintech you're running an agency or a fintech you're running an agency or a fintech startup or just want to automate startup or just want to automate startup or just want to automate smarter, now's the time to try it. Hit smarter, now's the time to try it. Hit smarter, now's the time to try it. Hit the link in the description, grab your the link in the description, grab your the link in the description, grab your free month, and start orchestrating your free month, and start orchestrating your free month, and start orchestrating your AI powered business with Make. Thanks so AI powered business with Make. Thanks so AI powered business with Make. Thanks so much to make.com for sponsoring this much to make.com for sponsoring this much to make.com for sponsoring this one. Now, let's get back to the rest of one. Now, let's get back to the rest of one. Now, let's get back to the rest of the video. Now that we've talked about the video. Now that we've talked about the video. Now that we've talked about generating video, let's talk about generating video, let's talk about generating video, let's talk about editing video. There's this platform editing video. There's this platform editing video. There's this platform called Mirage, and they used to be called Mirage, and they used to be called Mirage, and they used to be called Captions, but they rebranded as called Captions, but they rebranded as called Captions, but they rebranded as Mirage recently, and it's an AI video Mirage recently, and it's an AI video Mirage recently, and it's an AI video editing tool. Now, it also makes like AI editing tool. Now, it also makes like AI editing tool. Now, it also makes like AI avatars, but their newest feature is the avatars, but their newest feature is the avatars, but their newest feature is the ability to make edits entirely with ability to make edits entirely with ability to make edits entirely with text. Want to zoom at 3 seconds? Just text. Want to zoom at 3 seconds? Just text. Want to zoom at 3 seconds? Just type that into the box. Need captions type that into the box. Need captions type that into the box. Need captions added? Done in a snap. You can even type added? Done in a snap. You can even type added? Done in a snap. You can even type a vibe you're going for, and our AI a vibe you're going for, and our AI a vibe you're going for, and our AI editing tool will apply the right style editing tool will apply the right style editing tool will apply the right style and aesthetic to bring it to life. Now, and aesthetic to bring it to life. Now, and aesthetic to bring it to life. Now, this editing feature that they just this editing feature that they just this editing feature that they just rolled out is on the mobile app. So, rolled out is on the mobile app. So, rolled out is on the mobile app. So, even if I logged into Mirage Studio on even if I logged into Mirage Studio on even if I logged into Mirage Studio on my desktop, we won't see this editing my desktop, we won't see this editing my desktop, we won't see this editing feature. So, let's pop it open on the feature. So, let's pop it open on the feature. So, let's pop it open on the phone here. So, this is what the app phone here. So, this is what the app phone here. So, this is what the app looks like when you're inside of it. I looks like when you're inside of it. I looks like when you're inside of it. I do not have a paid plan. You can see it do not have a paid plan. You can see it do not have a paid plan. You can see it is prompting me to get the paid plan up is prompting me to get the paid plan up is prompting me to get the paid plan up in the top right. But, let's say I want in the top right. But, let's say I want in the top right. But, let's say I want to import some videos and have it edit to import some videos and have it edit to import some videos and have it edit these videos together. There is one these videos together. There is one these videos together. There is one thing that I find slightly annoying thing that I find slightly annoying thing that I find slightly annoying about this product, but it's not that about this product, but it's not that about this product, but it's not that big of a deal. But if I press the import big of a deal. But if I press the import big of a deal. But if I press the import button and let's say I pull in a couple button and let's say I pull in a couple button and let's say I pull in a couple videos from my recent trip to New York. videos from my recent trip to New York. videos from my recent trip to New York. Like here's one from the plane right Like here's one from the plane right Like here's one from the plane right here. Here's one from inside of a taxi. here. Here's one from inside of a taxi. here. Here's one from inside of a taxi. Here's another from inside of a taxi Here's another from inside of a taxi Here's another from inside of a taxi right here. So I'm going to select these right here. So I'm going to select these right here. So I'm going to select these three and let's import three items. And three and let's import three items. And three and let's import three items. And it brings me to this page here. And you it brings me to this page here. And you it brings me to this page here. And you can see there's this slider for manual can see there's this slider for manual can see there's this slider for manual edit and AI edit. If I try to click on edit and AI edit. If I try to click on edit and AI edit. If I try to click on AIE, I get this error at the top. AIEdit AIE, I get this error at the top. AIEdit AIE, I get this error at the top. AIEdit not submitted. Video must be in 916. A not submitted. Video must be in 916. A not submitted. Video must be in 916. A why? Why can't I just do this with 16:9 why? Why can't I just do this with 16:9 why? Why can't I just do this with 16:9 videos also? But B, if it only works videos also? But B, if it only works videos also? But B, if it only works with 916 aspect ratio videos, why let me with 916 aspect ratio videos, why let me with 916 aspect ratio videos, why let me select them on this page? Why not just select them on this page? Why not just select them on this page? Why not just gray out the ones that aren't usable and gray out the ones that aren't usable and gray out the ones that aren't usable and make the ones that aren't usable make the ones that aren't usable make the ones that aren't usable something that I can select just so I something that I can select just so I something that I can select just so I don't get partway through the process don't get partway through the process don't get partway through the process and then find out I can't actually do and then find out I can't actually do and then find out I can't actually do what I want. But because of that what I want. But because of that what I want. But because of that constraint, I really quickly recorded constraint, I really quickly recorded constraint, I really quickly recorded two vertical videos of me in my office. two vertical videos of me in my office. two vertical videos of me in my office. One is this like selfie angle shot here One is this like selfie angle shot here One is this like selfie angle shot here and another is what my camera sees which and another is what my camera sees which and another is what my camera sees which you can see in this video here. So I'll you can see in this video here. So I'll you can see in this video here. So I'll go ahead and trim both of these. Select go ahead and trim both of these. Select go ahead and trim both of these. Select those videos. Import two items. And now those videos. Import two items. And now those videos. Import two items. And now let's switch to AIEdit. And well when I let's switch to AIEdit. And well when I let's switch to AIEdit. And well when I try to switch to AI edit it says project try to switch to AI edit it says project try to switch to AI edit it says project must only have one clip. So why did you must only have one clip. So why did you must only have one clip. So why did you let me select two clips? Okay. I guess let me select two clips? Okay. I guess let me select two clips? Okay. I guess you could manually edit these and that's you could manually edit these and that's you could manually edit these and that's why it lets you select it. But it's just why it lets you select it. But it's just why it lets you select it. But it's just I find this kind of annoying. Like I I find this kind of annoying. Like I I find this kind of annoying. Like I want to know what I can't do before I want to know what I can't do before I want to know what I can't do before I get to the point where it tells me I get to the point where it tells me I get to the point where it tells me I can't do it. Anyway, I'm being very kind can't do it. Anyway, I'm being very kind can't do it. Anyway, I'm being very kind of nitpicky here. So, let's just of nitpicky here. So, let's just of nitpicky here. So, let's just unselect this one and we'll pick this unselect this one and we'll pick this unselect this one and we'll pick this 11se second video. Import one item. And 11se second video. Import one item. And 11se second video. Import one item. And now I can select AIEit. Yay. All right. now I can select AIEit. Yay. All right. now I can select AIEit. Yay. All right. So, we've got some edit styles here. So, we've got some edit styles here. So, we've got some edit styles here. Parallel play isn't just for kids. It Parallel play isn't just for kids. It Parallel play isn't just for kids. It works for adults, too. works for adults, too. works for adults, too. Plant care isn't just about keeping them Plant care isn't just about keeping them Plant care isn't just about keeping them alive. It's about learning how to alive. It's about learning how to alive. It's about learning how to listen. listen. listen. I'll select this one down here. I have I'll select this one down here. I have I'll select this one down here. I have no idea how it's going to work because no idea how it's going to work because no idea how it's going to work because there's no speaking in my video. It's there's no speaking in my video. It's there's no speaking in my video. It's just purely a video with no audio. So, just purely a video with no audio. So, just purely a video with no audio. So, it may have no idea how to edit this. it may have no idea how to edit this. it may have no idea how to edit this. But, let's go ahead and select that one But, let's go ahead and select that one But, let's go ahead and select that one and let's generate the edit. Let's just and let's generate the edit. Let's just and let's generate the edit. Let's just see what it does if I give it a quick 11 see what it does if I give it a quick 11 see what it does if I give it a quick 11 second clip and a style. So, yeah, it second clip and a style. So, yeah, it second clip and a style. So, yeah, it didn't know how to do that either. It didn't know how to do that either. It didn't know how to do that either. It says AIET not supported. No speakers or says AIET not supported. No speakers or says AIET not supported. No speakers or no words detected. All right. So, I no words detected. All right. So, I no words detected. All right. So, I guess I have to make a video with me guess I have to make a video with me guess I have to make a video with me actually talking because it can't edit actually talking because it can't edit actually talking because it can't edit unless they're speaking. All stuff I unless they're speaking. All stuff I unless they're speaking. All stuff I wish I knew before sort of getting down wish I knew before sort of getting down wish I knew before sort of getting down the road of the process. All right, so I the road of the process. All right, so I the road of the process. All right, so I just got done recording a vertical video just got done recording a vertical video just got done recording a vertical video on my phone here and let's see if I can on my phone here and let's see if I can on my phone here and let's see if I can finally get this AI edit to do something finally get this AI edit to do something finally get this AI edit to do something for us. Import one item. AI edit style for us. Import one item. AI edit style for us. Import one item. AI edit style neon generate edit progress. Progress. neon generate edit progress. Progress. neon generate edit progress. Progress. All right, so now it's done and it All right, so now it's done and it All right, so now it's done and it opened it in this editor and I can hear opened it in this editor and I can hear opened it in this editor and I can hear myself but I can't see the edited video. myself but I can't see the edited video. myself but I can't see the edited video. Hey, Matt Wolf here. Don't forget to Hey, Matt Wolf here. Don't forget to Hey, Matt Wolf here. Don't forget to subscribe to me on YouTube. There's got subscribe to me on YouTube. There's got subscribe to me on YouTube. There's got to be some way to see the video here, to be some way to see the video here, to be some way to see the video here, right? Download. No, it won't let me right? Download. No, it won't let me right? Download. No, it won't let me download without paying. All right, so I download without paying. All right, so I download without paying. All right, so I finally got it to work. But if I'm finally got it to work. But if I'm finally got it to work. But if I'm trying to record my phone screen to show trying to record my phone screen to show trying to record my phone screen to show it to you working, the app makes the it to you working, the app makes the it to you working, the app makes the video black and doesn't let me share it. video black and doesn't let me share it. video black and doesn't let me share it. So, I can't even share this outcome with So, I can't even share this outcome with So, I can't even share this outcome with you other than doing something like you other than doing something like you other than doing something like this. Hey, Matt here. Don't forget to this. Hey, Matt here. Don't forget to this. Hey, Matt here. Don't forget to subscribe to me on YouTube. Like this subscribe to me on YouTube. Like this subscribe to me on YouTube. Like this video, do all the things, leave me a video, do all the things, leave me a video, do all the things, leave me a comment, and if you haven't already, comment, and if you haven't already, comment, and if you haven't already, check out Future Tools. There's lots of check out Future Tools. There's lots of check out Future Tools. There's lots of cool tools there. So, yeah, pretty cool tools there. So, yeah, pretty cool tools there. So, yeah, pretty annoying that the app won't let me annoying that the app won't let me annoying that the app won't let me actually share what it generates. And actually share what it generates. And actually share what it generates. And then if I do try to export the video to then if I do try to export the video to then if I do try to export the video to send you what that video looks like, send you what that video looks like, send you what that video looks like, they want to charge me. So, I can't even they want to charge me. So, I can't even they want to charge me. So, I can't even like demo this without paying, which is like demo this without paying, which is like demo this without paying, which is unfortunate. But, we'll go ahead and unfortunate. But, we'll go ahead and unfortunate. But, we'll go ahead and move along. We got a new update in the move along. We got a new update in the move along. We got a new update in the Photoshop beta this week. All of those Photoshop beta this week. All of those Photoshop beta this week. All of those people, myself included, who said, people, myself included, who said, people, myself included, who said, "Man, Nano Banana might sort of hurt "Man, Nano Banana might sort of hurt "Man, Nano Banana might sort of hurt Photoshop." Well, Photoshop." Well, Photoshop." Well, Photoshop's just embracing it and Photoshop's just embracing it and Photoshop's just embracing it and saying, "Look, you could use Nano Banana saying, "Look, you could use Nano Banana saying, "Look, you could use Nano Banana inside of Photoshop." Now, now, if you inside of Photoshop." Now, now, if you inside of Photoshop." Now, now, if you do have an Adobe Creative Cloud account, do have an Adobe Creative Cloud account, do have an Adobe Creative Cloud account, open Creative Cloud, go to apps, click open Creative Cloud, go to apps, click open Creative Cloud, go to apps, click on beta, and then make sure you're using on beta, and then make sure you're using on beta, and then make sure you're using Photoshop Beta. This is where the new Photoshop Beta. This is where the new Photoshop Beta. This is where the new features that they roll out go. They go features that they roll out go. They go features that they roll out go. They go into the beta version. And make sure you into the beta version. And make sure you into the beta version. And make sure you have the most up-to-date version. I need have the most up-to-date version. I need have the most up-to-date version. I need to update my Photoshop beta right now to to update my Photoshop beta right now to to update my Photoshop beta right now to make sure I get Nano Banana in it. Once make sure I get Nano Banana in it. Once make sure I get Nano Banana in it. Once it's updated, go and open Photoshop. But it's updated, go and open Photoshop. But it's updated, go and open Photoshop. But again, make sure that you're opening the again, make sure that you're opening the again, make sure that you're opening the Photoshop beta. I actually have both Photoshop beta. I actually have both Photoshop beta. I actually have both installed. We want to be using beta installed. We want to be using beta installed. We want to be using beta because that's what's got nano banana. because that's what's got nano banana. because that's what's got nano banana. So, I opened this image in Photoshop. So, I opened this image in Photoshop. So, I opened this image in Photoshop. You can use this handy select subject You can use this handy select subject You can use this handy select subject feature. If I select this and then just feature. If I select this and then just feature. If I select this and then just click on the guy, it actually finds the click on the guy, it actually finds the click on the guy, it actually finds the outline of just this guy and ignores outline of just this guy and ignores outline of just this guy and ignores everything else. And then I can click on everything else. And then I can click on everything else. And then I can click on generative fill here. And then over generative fill here. And then over generative fill here. And then over here, there's a button that says choose here, there's a button that says choose here, there's a button that says choose model. If I click on that, you can see model. If I click on that, you can see model. If I click on that, you can see we have options for Firefly Image 3, Lux we have options for Firefly Image 3, Lux we have options for Firefly Image 3, Lux Context Pro, and Nano Banana. So, let's Context Pro, and Nano Banana. So, let's Context Pro, and Nano Banana. So, let's go ahead and select Nano Banana. And go ahead and select Nano Banana. And go ahead and select Nano Banana. And then for our prompt, let's say turn him then for our prompt, let's say turn him then for our prompt, let's say turn him into a green alien holding a futuristic into a green alien holding a futuristic into a green alien holding a futuristic bow. And then we'll generate that. bow. And then we'll generate that. bow. And then we'll generate that. Actually, just realized the moon was Actually, just realized the moon was Actually, just realized the moon was selected as well, but it did a perfect selected as well, but it did a perfect selected as well, but it did a perfect job of what I asked for. And the nice job of what I asked for. And the nice job of what I asked for. And the nice thing is it did these changes on a new thing is it did these changes on a new thing is it did these changes on a new layer. So, if I hide this layer, you layer. So, if I hide this layer, you layer. So, if I hide this layer, you could see the old layer right underneath could see the old layer right underneath could see the old layer right underneath it. So I could continue to like screw it. So I could continue to like screw it. So I could continue to like screw with other elements and it's with other elements and it's with other elements and it's nondestructive. So pretty cool feature nondestructive. So pretty cool feature nondestructive. So pretty cool feature to have in Photoshop. Now Halo AI rolled to have in Photoshop. Now Halo AI rolled to have in Photoshop. Now Halo AI rolled out some sort of new agent. They say out some sort of new agent. They say out some sort of new agent. They say introducing Halo AI agent, your nextgen introducing Halo AI agent, your nextgen introducing Halo AI agent, your nextgen creative flow free for one week. Just creative flow free for one week. Just creative flow free for one week. Just talk and watch your ideas come alive on talk and watch your ideas come alive on talk and watch your ideas come alive on the infinite canvas. The agent selects the infinite canvas. The agent selects the infinite canvas. The agent selects the best models, plans the workflow, and the best models, plans the workflow, and the best models, plans the workflow, and brings your vision to life. Images, brings your vision to life. Images, brings your vision to life. Images, videos, audio, all in one place. So if I videos, audio, all in one place. So if I videos, audio, all in one place. So if I jump on over to haloai.video/agent, jump on over to haloai.video/agent, jump on over to haloai.video/agent, video/ agent. This is where you can play video/ agent. This is where you can play video/ agent. This is where you can play around with it. And we can see over here around with it. And we can see over here around with it. And we can see over here it does say multimodal creation is it does say multimodal creation is it does say multimodal creation is coming. So images, videos, and audio all coming. So images, videos, and audio all coming. So images, videos, and audio all created with one agent. Isn't actually a created with one agent. Isn't actually a created with one agent. Isn't actually a feature that's fully rolled out yet, I feature that's fully rolled out yet, I feature that's fully rolled out yet, I guess. But we can see here if I click on guess. But we can see here if I click on guess. But we can see here if I click on model, they've got the Halo O2 video model, they've got the Halo O2 video model, they've got the Halo O2 video model. And then under image model, model. And then under image model, model. And then under image model, they've got Nano Banana, Cadream 4.0, they've got Nano Banana, Cadream 4.0, they've got Nano Banana, Cadream 4.0, Flux Context, Quinn, and Colors. And up Flux Context, Quinn, and Colors. And up Flux Context, Quinn, and Colors. And up here you can see you can either select here you can see you can either select here you can see you can either select your model or leave it on auto and it your model or leave it on auto and it your model or leave it on auto and it will decide the best model to pick for will decide the best model to pick for will decide the best model to pick for you. And if I had to guess, this is the you. And if I had to guess, this is the you. And if I had to guess, this is the way most UIs are going to go. So when way most UIs are going to go. So when way most UIs are going to go. So when you use those tools like Leonardo or you use those tools like Leonardo or you use those tools like Leonardo or Crea or Higsfield or whatever and you Crea or Higsfield or whatever and you Crea or Higsfield or whatever and you tell it what you want out of it, I tell it what you want out of it, I tell it what you want out of it, I imagine in the future they'll all have imagine in the future they'll all have imagine in the future they'll all have an auto selector that will pick the best an auto selector that will pick the best an auto selector that will pick the best model based on your prompt. But let's go model based on your prompt. But let's go model based on your prompt. But let's go ahead and say create a mood board ahead and say create a mood board ahead and say create a mood board focused on wolves and the color purple. focused on wolves and the color purple. focused on wolves and the color purple. It says you've done enough. Now it's my It says you've done enough. Now it's my It says you've done enough. Now it's my turn. Thank you. All right. Smart plan. turn. Thank you. All right. Smart plan. turn. Thank you. All right. Smart plan. Create a mood board centered around Create a mood board centered around Create a mood board centered around wolves and the color purple. So it's wolves and the color purple. So it's wolves and the color purple. So it's searching for images featuring wolves searching for images featuring wolves searching for images featuring wolves and the color purple. Oh, look at this. and the color purple. Oh, look at this. and the color purple. Oh, look at this. Okay. Okay. So these are image searches. Okay. Okay. So these are image searches. Okay. Okay. So these are image searches. These aren't AI generated. You can see These aren't AI generated. You can see These aren't AI generated. You can see image searched. While this is working, I image searched. While this is working, I image searched. While this is working, I can actually click in an image, click on can actually click in an image, click on can actually click in an image, click on full screen, and see this image bigger. full screen, and see this image bigger. full screen, and see this image bigger. Now, this does say Miniax Halo AI. So, Now, this does say Miniax Halo AI. So, Now, this does say Miniax Halo AI. So, did it generate this or did it find it? did it generate this or did it find it? did it generate this or did it find it? Okay, that's interesting. This one has a Okay, that's interesting. This one has a Okay, that's interesting. This one has a dreams time watermark on it, which is a dreams time watermark on it, which is a dreams time watermark on it, which is a stock photo website. And then Miniax and stock photo website. And then Miniax and stock photo website. And then Miniax and Halo AI put their own watermark over an Halo AI put their own watermark over an Halo AI put their own watermark over an already watermarked image. So, these are already watermarked image. So, these are already watermarked image. So, these are images that it found online. It's just images that it found online. It's just images that it found online. It's just putting its own watermark on images that putting its own watermark on images that putting its own watermark on images that it doesn't own. Now it says calling it doesn't own. Now it says calling it doesn't own. Now it says calling image generation tool to create four image generation tool to create four image generation tool to create four images with the same prompt for the mood images with the same prompt for the mood images with the same prompt for the mood board. So it's actually now generating board. So it's actually now generating board. So it's actually now generating images and it doesn't seem to be doing a images and it doesn't seem to be doing a images and it doesn't seem to be doing a good job at it. We can see here uh good job at it. We can see here uh good job at it. We can see here uh calling the image generation tool to calling the image generation tool to calling the image generation tool to create four images with the same prompt create four images with the same prompt create four images with the same prompt for the mood board and it says image for the mood board and it says image for the mood board and it says image generation completed. I don't know which generation completed. I don't know which generation completed. I don't know which one it generated but then down here one it generated but then down here one it generated but then down here generating more with an unknown error. generating more with an unknown error. generating more with an unknown error. And now it's trying to generate again, And now it's trying to generate again, And now it's trying to generate again, but we can see a couple times in a row but we can see a couple times in a row but we can see a couple times in a row it says image generation unknown error. it says image generation unknown error. it says image generation unknown error. Though it seemed to be able to find some Though it seemed to be able to find some Though it seemed to be able to find some images, just it struggles to generate images, just it struggles to generate images, just it struggles to generate new images. Here's another one that says new images. Here's another one that says new images. Here's another one that says Adobe Stock on it on one side and then Adobe Stock on it on one side and then Adobe Stock on it on one side and then Miniax Halo on the other. Got to love Miniax Halo on the other. Got to love Miniax Halo on the other. Got to love just like watermarking images that are just like watermarking images that are just like watermarking images that are owned by other people. All right, so it owned by other people. All right, so it owned by other people. All right, so it finally created some other images here finally created some other images here finally created some other images here based on the mood board. This one even based on the mood board. This one even based on the mood board. This one even still has a dreams time watermark right still has a dreams time watermark right still has a dreams time watermark right in the middle of it. made some sort of in the middle of it. made some sort of in the middle of it. made some sort of like montage collage looking image and like montage collage looking image and like montage collage looking image and some images of like closeup on like some images of like closeup on like some images of like closeup on like purple fur. All right, then if I select purple fur. All right, then if I select purple fur. All right, then if I select multiple and then try to rightclick it multiple and then try to rightclick it multiple and then try to rightclick it just only selects one. But I could move just only selects one. But I could move just only selects one. But I could move them around on the board together. them around on the board together. them around on the board together. Pretty interesting. I don't know the Pretty interesting. I don't know the Pretty interesting. I don't know the exact like best use case for this yet. I exact like best use case for this yet. I exact like best use case for this yet. I guess if you're just trying to build out guess if you're just trying to build out guess if you're just trying to build out like a giant mood board and you want all like a giant mood board and you want all like a giant mood board and you want all of the images on the mood board to of the images on the mood board to of the images on the mood board to either be searched or generated, then either be searched or generated, then either be searched or generated, then there you go. Not something I personally there you go. Not something I personally there you go. Not something I personally see myself using, but I'm sure there's see myself using, but I'm sure there's see myself using, but I'm sure there's people watching this going, "I know people watching this going, "I know people watching this going, "I know exactly how I'll use that. exactly how I'll use that. exactly how I'll use that. I just don't know how I would." And I just don't know how I would." And I just don't know how I would." And since we're talking about boards and since we're talking about boards and since we're talking about boards and mood boards and vision boards and stuff, mood boards and vision boards and stuff, mood boards and vision boards and stuff, there's a new tool from Google called there's a new tool from Google called there's a new tool from Google called Mixboard. Kind of the same idea as what Mixboard. Kind of the same idea as what Mixboard. Kind of the same idea as what we were just looking at actually, and it we were just looking at actually, and it we were just looking at actually, and it is in public beta in the US right now. is in public beta in the US right now. is in public beta in the US right now. So, if you're outside of the US, I don't So, if you're outside of the US, I don't So, if you're outside of the US, I don't believe you have access to this. But if believe you have access to this. But if believe you have access to this. But if we go to labs.google/mixboard, we go to labs.google/mixboard, we go to labs.google/mixboard, you get a page like this. And if we look you get a page like this. And if we look you get a page like this. And if we look into one of their examples here, you into one of their examples here, you into one of their examples here, you could see they made a board of birds could see they made a board of birds could see they made a board of birds with googly eyes. One thing I find with googly eyes. One thing I find with googly eyes. One thing I find annoying is I can't like click and move annoying is I can't like click and move annoying is I can't like click and move around. A lot of times you can like around. A lot of times you can like around. A lot of times you can like right click and sort of scroll around right click and sort of scroll around right click and sort of scroll around the screen, but that doesn't work. I the screen, but that doesn't work. I the screen, but that doesn't work. I actually have to use like the scroll actually have to use like the scroll actually have to use like the scroll wheels to move around. So once you have wheels to move around. So once you have wheels to move around. So once you have a bunch of images in a mood board like a bunch of images in a mood board like a bunch of images in a mood board like this or in a mix board like this, one this or in a mix board like this, one this or in a mix board like this, one thing you can do is sort of start to thing you can do is sort of start to thing you can do is sort of start to blend them together. So let's say I want blend them together. So let's say I want blend them together. So let's say I want to take this like peacock here and this to take this like peacock here and this to take this like peacock here and this red bird here, put them side by side and red bird here, put them side by side and red bird here, put them side by side and select both of them. You can see it select both of them. You can see it select both of them. You can see it pulled these images down into my prompt pulled these images down into my prompt pulled these images down into my prompt box and say blend these two images. And box and say blend these two images. And box and say blend these two images. And then pretty quickly down here we can see then pretty quickly down here we can see then pretty quickly down here we can see it's generating another image. And it's generating another image. And it's generating another image. And here's our two images blended. I can here's our two images blended. I can here's our two images blended. I can obviously upload my own images. obviously upload my own images. obviously upload my own images. Theoretically I should be able to Theoretically I should be able to Theoretically I should be able to generate new images. And it all goes generate new images. And it all goes generate new images. And it all goes onto this like mood board mixboard thing onto this like mood board mixboard thing onto this like mood board mixboard thing in Google. Very similar to what we were in Google. Very similar to what we were in Google. Very similar to what we were just looking at but less of the like just looking at but less of the like just looking at but less of the like agentic features and more of like a agentic features and more of like a agentic features and more of like a design board to drop images on. and uh design board to drop images on. and uh design board to drop images on. and uh then combine images in interesting ways. then combine images in interesting ways. then combine images in interesting ways. If you're a fan of Notebook LM like I If you're a fan of Notebook LM like I If you're a fan of Notebook LM like I am, they rolled out some new features am, they rolled out some new features am, they rolled out some new features this week. Flashcards and quizzes are this week. Flashcards and quizzes are this week. Flashcards and quizzes are officially 100% rolled out to all users officially 100% rolled out to all users officially 100% rolled out to all users in all markets. So, Notebook LM is a in all markets. So, Notebook LM is a in all markets. So, Notebook LM is a platform where you can upload a bunch platform where you can upload a bunch platform where you can upload a bunch of, you know, PDFs and websites and a of, you know, PDFs and websites and a of, you know, PDFs and websites and a ton of information and then you can ton of information and then you can ton of information and then you can create audio overviews, video overviews, create audio overviews, video overviews, create audio overviews, video overviews, mind maps, reports, and then also ask mind maps, reports, and then also ask mind maps, reports, and then also ask questions about those documents. We've questions about those documents. We've questions about those documents. We've covered Notebook LM a lot in past covered Notebook LM a lot in past covered Notebook LM a lot in past videos. The two new features are videos. The two new features are videos. The two new features are flashcards and quizzes. You can create a flashcards and quizzes. You can create a flashcards and quizzes. You can create a flash card on whatever content is loaded flash card on whatever content is loaded flash card on whatever content is loaded in here and you can create quizzes since in here and you can create quizzes since in here and you can create quizzes since we've been on this birds aren't real we've been on this birds aren't real we've been on this birds aren't real train lately. Let's see what kind of train lately. Let's see what kind of train lately. Let's see what kind of flash cards it makes for us. We can see flash cards it makes for us. We can see flash cards it makes for us. We can see here the first flash card, what is the here the first flash card, what is the here the first flash card, what is the birds aren't real movement? And then birds aren't real movement? And then birds aren't real movement? And then flip it over, a satirical conspiracy flip it over, a satirical conspiracy flip it over, a satirical conspiracy theory movement which posits that birds theory movement which posits that birds theory movement which posits that birds are actually drones operated by the US are actually drones operated by the US are actually drones operated by the US government. Satirical, I don't know government. Satirical, I don't know government. Satirical, I don't know about that. who is credited with about that. who is credited with about that. who is credited with creating the birds aren't real creating the birds aren't real creating the birds aren't real conspiracy theory that dude. So you conspiracy theory that dude. So you conspiracy theory that dude. So you could see for like school and education could see for like school and education could see for like school and education purposes if you were to load a bunch of purposes if you were to load a bunch of purposes if you were to load a bunch of like educational information in here you like educational information in here you like educational information in here you could quiz yourself with flashcards as could quiz yourself with flashcards as could quiz yourself with flashcards as well as an actual quiz. So here's what a well as an actual quiz. So here's what a well as an actual quiz. So here's what a quiz might look like. According to the quiz might look like. According to the quiz might look like. According to the source material, what was the original source material, what was the original source material, what was the original catalyst for Peter McKenzo's creating catalyst for Peter McKenzo's creating catalyst for Peter McKenzo's creating the birds aren't real movement? Uh this the birds aren't real movement? Uh this the birds aren't real movement? Uh this one 2017 Women's March where he one 2017 Women's March where he one 2017 Women's March where he improvised the theory as a joke among improvised the theory as a joke among improvised the theory as a joke among counterprotesters. So we can just go counterprotesters. So we can just go counterprotesters. So we can just go through and quiz oursel on all the through and quiz oursel on all the through and quiz oursel on all the information. So let's imagine you're a information. So let's imagine you're a information. So let's imagine you're a college student and you just took in a college student and you just took in a college student and you just took in a bunch of lectures. Well, let's say you bunch of lectures. Well, let's say you bunch of lectures. Well, let's say you did an audio recording of the lecture. did an audio recording of the lecture. did an audio recording of the lecture. We'll take that audio recording, put it We'll take that audio recording, put it We'll take that audio recording, put it into Notebook LM or get it transcribed, into Notebook LM or get it transcribed, into Notebook LM or get it transcribed, put the transcription in Notebook LM, put the transcription in Notebook LM, put the transcription in Notebook LM, have it create quizzes and flashcards have it create quizzes and flashcards have it create quizzes and flashcards for you, and you've got a really good for you, and you've got a really good for you, and you've got a really good educational resource. Since we're educational resource. Since we're educational resource. Since we're talking about Google, they're also talking about Google, they're also talking about Google, they're also rolling out new AI features directly in rolling out new AI features directly in rolling out new AI features directly in Chrome. From what I understand, you have Chrome. From what I understand, you have Chrome. From what I understand, you have to be on one of Google's paid plans. I to be on one of Google's paid plans. I to be on one of Google's paid plans. I can't confirm that 100%, but it does say can't confirm that 100%, but it does say can't confirm that 100%, but it does say starting today, we're rolling out a starting today, we're rolling out a starting today, we're rolling out a Gemini in Chrome to Mac and Windows Gemini in Chrome to Mac and Windows Gemini in Chrome to Mac and Windows desktop users in the US. Okay, so maybe desktop users in the US. Okay, so maybe desktop users in the US. Okay, so maybe it is available to everybody. And it it is available to everybody. And it it is available to everybody. And it does say it'll be available to does say it'll be available to does say it'll be available to businesses in the coming weeks. So, this businesses in the coming weeks. So, this businesses in the coming weeks. So, this current browser that I'm in is an actual current browser that I'm in is an actual current browser that I'm in is an actual business account. So, there's no Gemini business account. So, there's no Gemini business account. So, there's no Gemini available here. You don't see it in the available here. You don't see it in the available here. You don't see it in the browser. However, if I switch over to browser. However, if I switch over to browser. However, if I switch over to the browser where I'm logged in with a the browser where I'm logged in with a the browser where I'm logged in with a personal account and not a business personal account and not a business personal account and not a business account, you can see up at the top, I've account, you can see up at the top, I've account, you can see up at the top, I've got a little Gemini logo now in the very got a little Gemini logo now in the very got a little Gemini logo now in the very top right corner. I can also essentially top right corner. I can also essentially top right corner. I can also essentially get Gemini to fire up by clicking into get Gemini to fire up by clicking into get Gemini to fire up by clicking into our chat bar. And you can see there's a our chat bar. And you can see there's a our chat bar. And you can see there's a button that says, "Ask Google about this button that says, "Ask Google about this button that says, "Ask Google about this page or highlight key points or describe page or highlight key points or describe page or highlight key points or describe the AI startup's impact." These are all the AI startup's impact." These are all the AI startup's impact." These are all questions that are being generated by AI questions that are being generated by AI questions that are being generated by AI based on the content that I'm looking at based on the content that I'm looking at based on the content that I'm looking at on the website. Or I can click the on the website. Or I can click the on the website. Or I can click the Gemini button up in the top. What is Gemini button up in the top. What is Gemini button up in the top. What is this article about? this article about? this article about? This article discusses how Steph Curry's This article discusses how Steph Curry's This article discusses how Steph Curry's venture capital firm Penny Jar Capital venture capital firm Penny Jar Capital venture capital firm Penny Jar Capital invested in Burnt, an AI startup focused invested in Burnt, an AI startup focused invested in Burnt, an AI startup focused on improving on improving on improving Wait a second. Wait a second. Who is Wait a second. Wait a second. Who is Wait a second. Wait a second. Who is Steph Curry? Steph Curry? Steph Curry? Steph Curry is one of the greatest Steph Curry is one of the greatest Steph Curry is one of the greatest basketball players of all time. He plays basketball players of all time. He plays basketball players of all time. He plays for the Golden State Warriors and is for the Golden State Warriors and is for the Golden State Warriors and is known for his incredible shooting known for his incredible shooting known for his incredible shooting skills. skills. skills. Okay. Okay. Okay. So what does he have Okay. Okay. Okay. So what does he have Okay. Okay. Okay. So what does he have to do with AI then? to do with AI then? to do with AI then? Gotcha. So Steph Curry's not directly Gotcha. So Steph Curry's not directly Gotcha. So Steph Curry's not directly involved in the AI tech itself. His involved in the AI tech itself. His involved in the AI tech itself. His venture capital firm, Penny Jar Capital, venture capital firm, Penny Jar Capital, venture capital firm, Penny Jar Capital, invests in promising startups. invests in promising startups. invests in promising startups. All right, you get the idea. You can All right, you get the idea. You can All right, you get the idea. You can fire up the Gemini button and it will fire up the Gemini button and it will fire up the Gemini button and it will basically read articles for you and let basically read articles for you and let basically read articles for you and let you have discussions. You don't have to you have discussions. You don't have to you have discussions. You don't have to do it in voice mode. If I click up here, do it in voice mode. If I click up here, do it in voice mode. If I click up here, I could switch it to like a normal I could switch it to like a normal I could switch it to like a normal keyboard mode as well instead of the keyboard mode as well instead of the keyboard mode as well instead of the voice mode. And you can see that it's voice mode. And you can see that it's voice mode. And you can see that it's sharing the article that I'm on. and you sharing the article that I'm on. and you sharing the article that I'm on. and you have the option to switch between the have the option to switch between the have the option to switch between the 2.5 Pro model and the 2.5 flash model. 2.5 Pro model and the 2.5 flash model. 2.5 Pro model and the 2.5 flash model. Now, I am on the Gemini Ultra plan, Now, I am on the Gemini Ultra plan, Now, I am on the Gemini Ultra plan, which is their ultra expensive plan. Uh, which is their ultra expensive plan. Uh, which is their ultra expensive plan. Uh, so I don't know if everybody has 2.5 Pro so I don't know if everybody has 2.5 Pro so I don't know if everybody has 2.5 Pro or not. That might just be on the Ultra or not. That might just be on the Ultra or not. That might just be on the Ultra plan. I can't actually confirm that, but plan. I can't actually confirm that, but plan. I can't actually confirm that, but that would be my guess. The Pro is maybe that would be my guess. The Pro is maybe that would be my guess. The Pro is maybe only on the paid plans. I don't know. It only on the paid plans. I don't know. It only on the paid plans. I don't know. It does kind of seem like Google is going does kind of seem like Google is going does kind of seem like Google is going after Perplexity Comet a little bit and after Perplexity Comet a little bit and after Perplexity Comet a little bit and uh you know the browser company which uh you know the browser company which uh you know the browser company which makes these sort of like AI agentic makes these sort of like AI agentic makes these sort of like AI agentic browsers. I think it's only a matter of browsers. I think it's only a matter of browsers. I think it's only a matter of time before this Gemini button you press time before this Gemini button you press time before this Gemini button you press it and you tell it to do things and it it and you tell it to do things and it it and you tell it to do things and it will go and browse on your behalf and will go and browse on your behalf and will go and browse on your behalf and click around and copy and paste things click around and copy and paste things click around and copy and paste things and do some of those like browser and do some of those like browser and do some of those like browser operation things that we've seen tools operation things that we've seen tools operation things that we've seen tools like chat GPT and Claude and Manis and like chat GPT and Claude and Manis and like chat GPT and Claude and Manis and some of these other tools start to do. some of these other tools start to do. some of these other tools start to do. probably going to be rolled out into probably going to be rolled out into probably going to be rolled out into Chrome pretty soon. And I mentioned Chrome pretty soon. And I mentioned Chrome pretty soon. And I mentioned Perplexity, so I might as well mention Perplexity, so I might as well mention Perplexity, so I might as well mention this as well. They now have an email this as well. They now have an email this as well. They now have an email assistant with Perplexity. And this is assistant with Perplexity. And this is assistant with Perplexity. And this is one that I had planned on demoing. one that I had planned on demoing. one that I had planned on demoing. However, when I started to look at it, I However, when I started to look at it, I However, when I started to look at it, I realized I needed a ultra plan. And realized I needed a ultra plan. And realized I needed a ultra plan. And well, the ultra plan is Perplexity's well, the ultra plan is Perplexity's well, the ultra plan is Perplexity's $200 a month plan. And I'm on enough $200 a month plan. And I'm on enough $200 a month plan. And I'm on enough $200 a month plans already between $200 a month plans already between $200 a month plans already between Google, Claude, and Gemini. So yeah, I I Google, Claude, and Gemini. So yeah, I I Google, Claude, and Gemini. So yeah, I I I can't I can't pull the trigger on I can't I can't pull the trigger on I can't I can't pull the trigger on perplexity just for an email assistant. perplexity just for an email assistant. perplexity just for an email assistant. But as we can see here, it will But as we can see here, it will But as we can see here, it will automatically like organize your emails automatically like organize your emails automatically like organize your emails into like to respond or notification or into like to respond or notification or into like to respond or notification or an FYI or a meeting update. So it an FYI or a meeting update. So it an FYI or a meeting update. So it automatically tags so at a glance you automatically tags so at a glance you automatically tags so at a glance you can quickly see what stuff's probably can quickly see what stuff's probably can quickly see what stuff's probably important and what's not. It's got an AI important and what's not. It's got an AI important and what's not. It's got an AI composer to automatically help you write composer to automatically help you write composer to automatically help you write emails to people. It can actually see emails to people. It can actually see emails to people. It can actually see your calendar and help assist with your calendar and help assist with your calendar and help assist with scheduling. So it says, "Sure, looping scheduling. So it says, "Sure, looping scheduling. So it says, "Sure, looping in my assistant to find a time." The in my assistant to find a time." The in my assistant to find a time." The assistant checks the calendar and assistant checks the calendar and assistant checks the calendar and suggests times. So you can have the suggests times. So you can have the suggests times. So you can have the assistant help with sort of booking assistant help with sort of booking assistant help with sort of booking calls and things like that. And you can calls and things like that. And you can calls and things like that. And you can get like summaries of like daily get like summaries of like daily get like summaries of like daily meetings and emails and things you need meetings and emails and things you need meetings and emails and things you need to take care of every day if you want. to take care of every day if you want. to take care of every day if you want. It looks like a pretty cool email helper It looks like a pretty cool email helper It looks like a pretty cool email helper tool, but sorry, I can't justify it at tool, but sorry, I can't justify it at tool, but sorry, I can't justify it at the $200 a month plan. Once it's the $200 a month plan. Once it's the $200 a month plan. Once it's available for the like smaller $20 a available for the like smaller $20 a available for the like smaller $20 a month plan, I'll probably play with month plan, I'll probably play with month plan, I'll probably play with this. But yeah, looks cool. Too rich for this. But yeah, looks cool. Too rich for this. But yeah, looks cool. Too rich for my blood at this point. So far, we've my blood at this point. So far, we've my blood at this point. So far, we've covered a ton of new tools, but I covered a ton of new tools, but I covered a ton of new tools, but I haven't put out a news video in 2 weeks. haven't put out a news video in 2 weeks. haven't put out a news video in 2 weeks. So, there's still a lot of stuff I want So, there's still a lot of stuff I want So, there's still a lot of stuff I want to tell you about. So, let's jump into a to tell you about. So, let's jump into a to tell you about. So, let's jump into a rapid fire. rapid fire. rapid fire. [Music] [Music] [Music] So, the week before last was Meta So, the week before last was Meta So, the week before last was Meta Connect, and unfortunately, I didn't Connect, and unfortunately, I didn't Connect, and unfortunately, I didn't make it out to MetaConnect this year, make it out to MetaConnect this year, make it out to MetaConnect this year, but they did have some pretty cool but they did have some pretty cool but they did have some pretty cool announcements. Probably the most notable announcements. Probably the most notable announcements. Probably the most notable being the new Meta Ray-B band display being the new Meta Ray-B band display being the new Meta Ray-B band display glasses. Now, these are just like the glasses. Now, these are just like the glasses. Now, these are just like the Rayban Metas that everybody is used to Rayban Metas that everybody is used to Rayban Metas that everybody is used to that have the little cameras and the that have the little cameras and the that have the little cameras and the little speakers and the the stem of the little speakers and the the stem of the little speakers and the the stem of the glasses and they also have built-in AI glasses and they also have built-in AI glasses and they also have built-in AI so you can talk to, you know, Meta's so you can talk to, you know, Meta's so you can talk to, you know, Meta's Llama AI. However, these new versions, Llama AI. However, these new versions, Llama AI. However, these new versions, well, you can probably tell by the name, well, you can probably tell by the name, well, you can probably tell by the name, have a display in them. So, when you put have a display in them. So, when you put have a display in them. So, when you put them on, there's a little screen on just them on, there's a little screen on just them on, there's a little screen on just one of the lenses. It's not in both one of the lenses. It's not in both one of the lenses. It's not in both eyes, it's just in one. And it shows in eyes, it's just in one. And it shows in eyes, it's just in one. And it shows in color. It's got like basically no light color. It's got like basically no light color. It's got like basically no light bleed, so nobody around you can even bleed, so nobody around you can even bleed, so nobody around you can even tell there's something going on on the tell there's something going on on the tell there's something going on on the screen. And then the other really unique screen. And then the other really unique screen. And then the other really unique feature about these glasses is that they feature about these glasses is that they feature about these glasses is that they come with this wristband that they call come with this wristband that they call come with this wristband that they call the neural wristband, I believe. And the neural wristband, I believe. And the neural wristband, I believe. And this wristband can actually essentially this wristband can actually essentially this wristband can actually essentially tell what you're trying to do. So, you tell what you're trying to do. So, you tell what you're trying to do. So, you swipe around inside of the apps on your swipe around inside of the apps on your swipe around inside of the apps on your glasses with like finger gestures. And glasses with like finger gestures. And glasses with like finger gestures. And if you want to turn the volume up or if you want to turn the volume up or if you want to turn the volume up or down, you literally kind of act like down, you literally kind of act like down, you literally kind of act like you're turning a knob. And it's just got you're turning a knob. And it's just got you're turning a knob. And it's just got some really interesting hand gestures to some really interesting hand gestures to some really interesting hand gestures to control the glasses. I haven't actually control the glasses. I haven't actually control the glasses. I haven't actually tested these myself yet. I've not tested these myself yet. I've not tested these myself yet. I've not experienced this neural wristband and experienced this neural wristband and experienced this neural wristband and how it works. But one thing that I find how it works. But one thing that I find how it works. But one thing that I find very interesting is I saw Google make very interesting is I saw Google make very interesting is I saw Google make very very similar glasses. And I demoed very very similar glasses. And I demoed very very similar glasses. And I demoed them almost a year ago now. And yet them almost a year ago now. And yet them almost a year ago now. And yet somehow Meta's glasses came out before somehow Meta's glasses came out before somehow Meta's glasses came out before Google's glasses. And Google's were the Google's glasses. And Google's were the Google's glasses. And Google's were the same thing. It was one eye. You can same thing. It was one eye. You can same thing. It was one eye. You can actually see color and see images and actually see color and see images and actually see color and see images and things like that in the one eye. And the things like that in the one eye. And the things like that in the one eye. And the demo worked great a year ago. So just I demo worked great a year ago. So just I demo worked great a year ago. So just I don't know. Weird to me that Meta was don't know. Weird to me that Meta was don't know. Weird to me that Meta was the first to release these. But you can the first to release these. But you can the first to release these. But you can see text messages directly inside of see text messages directly inside of see text messages directly inside of your glasses. Although I believe it's your glasses. Although I believe it's your glasses. Although I believe it's just WhatsApp messages, so not like just WhatsApp messages, so not like just WhatsApp messages, so not like actual text messages yet. You pinch your actual text messages yet. You pinch your actual text messages yet. You pinch your fingers to take a photo when you ask a fingers to take a photo when you ask a fingers to take a photo when you ask a question of AI. You can actually see the question of AI. You can actually see the question of AI. You can actually see the prompt that was given and then a visual prompt that was given and then a visual prompt that was given and then a visual display of the response. But probably display of the response. But probably display of the response. But probably one of the coolest features is the one of the coolest features is the one of the coolest features is the ability to translate and have a ability to translate and have a ability to translate and have a conversation with somebody that speaks a conversation with somebody that speaks a conversation with somebody that speaks a different language. And essentially different language. And essentially different language. And essentially while you're talking to them, you would while you're talking to them, you would while you're talking to them, you would see little subtitles like right by their see little subtitles like right by their see little subtitles like right by their face. So everything they're saying is face. So everything they're saying is face. So everything they're saying is automatically getting translated back automatically getting translated back automatically getting translated back into English to you so you can see it. into English to you so you can see it. into English to you so you can see it. They're also rolling out a feature in They're also rolling out a feature in They're also rolling out a feature in both these and the normal Ray-B bands both these and the normal Ray-B bands both these and the normal Ray-B bands that's like a focus mode. So, when I'm that's like a focus mode. So, when I'm that's like a focus mode. So, when I'm talking to somebody, if I have these talking to somebody, if I have these talking to somebody, if I have these glasses on and I'm looking at them, glasses on and I'm looking at them, glasses on and I'm looking at them, it'll try to isolate just the it'll try to isolate just the it'll try to isolate just the conversation you're having and sort of conversation you're having and sort of conversation you're having and sort of help you tune out all the rest of the help you tune out all the rest of the help you tune out all the rest of the conversations around you, which seems conversations around you, which seems conversations around you, which seems like a pretty cool use case as well, like a pretty cool use case as well, like a pretty cool use case as well, especially if you're at like networking especially if you're at like networking especially if you're at like networking events or parties where you're really events or parties where you're really events or parties where you're really trying to concentrate on one person trying to concentrate on one person trying to concentrate on one person speaking. I'm super excited to get my speaking. I'm super excited to get my speaking. I'm super excited to get my hands on these, test this neural hands on these, test this neural hands on these, test this neural wristband, and probably even do a wristband, and probably even do a wristband, and probably even do a giveaway on this channel for a pair of giveaway on this channel for a pair of giveaway on this channel for a pair of these Ray-B band displays. So, if you're these Ray-B band displays. So, if you're these Ray-B band displays. So, if you're watching this and you're not subscribed watching this and you're not subscribed watching this and you're not subscribed to this channel and you're not to this channel and you're not to this channel and you're not subscribed to the newsletter, make sure subscribed to the newsletter, make sure subscribed to the newsletter, make sure you do that because I do like to do you do that because I do like to do you do that because I do like to do giveaways from time to time when new giveaways from time to time when new giveaways from time to time when new cool gadgets come out. Now, this is just cool gadgets come out. Now, this is just cool gadgets come out. Now, this is just scratching the surface of what these scratching the surface of what these scratching the surface of what these glasses can do. Those are the main sort glasses can do. Those are the main sort glasses can do. Those are the main sort of standout features, but we'll put them of standout features, but we'll put them of standout features, but we'll put them through the test and play around with through the test and play around with through the test and play around with them more once I can actually get my them more once I can actually get my them more once I can actually get my hands on them in a couple weeks here. hands on them in a couple weeks here. hands on them in a couple weeks here. Meta also showed off some cool stuff Meta also showed off some cool stuff Meta also showed off some cool stuff around the metaverse. So, there's a new around the metaverse. So, there's a new around the metaverse. So, there's a new feature in the Meta Quest where you can feature in the Meta Quest where you can feature in the Meta Quest where you can put the headset on, walk around the put the headset on, walk around the put the headset on, walk around the room, and it will actually map out that room, and it will actually map out that room, and it will actually map out that room, and then after it's mapped out room, and then after it's mapped out room, and then after it's mapped out that room, that becomes a digital space that room, that becomes a digital space that room, that becomes a digital space that you can explore later, even if that you can explore later, even if that you can explore later, even if you're not in that room later. That you're not in that room later. That you're not in that room later. That seemed pretty cool. But what I thought seemed pretty cool. But what I thought seemed pretty cool. But what I thought was even cooler was their new Horizon was even cooler was their new Horizon was even cooler was their new Horizon Studio. This Horizon Studio, you can Studio. This Horizon Studio, you can Studio. This Horizon Studio, you can actually prompt any world into actually prompt any world into actually prompt any world into existence. You can see they gave it the existence. You can see they gave it the existence. You can see they gave it the prompt ancient ruins and it created this prompt ancient ruins and it created this prompt ancient ruins and it created this scene, this environment here that they scene, this environment here that they scene, this environment here that they are then able to move around in. Add are then able to move around in. Add are then able to move around in. Add treasure and trinkets. They give it that treasure and trinkets. They give it that treasure and trinkets. They give it that prompt and it adds a bunch of stuff. Add prompt and it adds a bunch of stuff. Add prompt and it adds a bunch of stuff. Add mythical guardians. It added the mythical guardians. It added the mythical guardians. It added the guardians. So really, really cool that guardians. So really, really cool that guardians. So really, really cool that you could just constantly prompt new you could just constantly prompt new you could just constantly prompt new things into existence into this like AI things into existence into this like AI things into existence into this like AI world. It's like kind of holidayy. Now, world. It's like kind of holidayy. Now, world. It's like kind of holidayy. Now, the reason I couldn't make it to Meta the reason I couldn't make it to Meta the reason I couldn't make it to Meta Connect this year was cuz I was in New Connect this year was cuz I was in New Connect this year was cuz I was in New York at the Made on YouTube event, which York at the Made on YouTube event, which York at the Made on YouTube event, which is an annual event where YouTube is an annual event where YouTube is an annual event where YouTube announces all of the new things that announces all of the new things that announces all of the new things that they're rolling out. And this year, it they're rolling out. And this year, it they're rolling out. And this year, it was a lot of AI stuff. As a YouTuber, was a lot of AI stuff. As a YouTuber, was a lot of AI stuff. As a YouTuber, I'm really excited about this Ask I'm really excited about this Ask I'm really excited about this Ask Studio. If you're not a YouTuber, you Studio. If you're not a YouTuber, you Studio. If you're not a YouTuber, you probably don't care. But basically, it's probably don't care. But basically, it's probably don't care. But basically, it's an AI bot that lives in the backend an AI bot that lives in the backend an AI bot that lives in the backend studio of your YouTube channel where you studio of your YouTube channel where you studio of your YouTube channel where you can ask questions about your analytics can ask questions about your analytics can ask questions about your analytics and get suggestions on future videos and and get suggestions on future videos and and get suggestions on future videos and things like that. It's just an AI bot things like that. It's just an AI bot things like that. It's just an AI bot that understands your data and your that understands your data and your that understands your data and your stats and your channel that you can chat stats and your channel that you can chat stats and your channel that you can chat with. They're rolling out AB testing to with. They're rolling out AB testing to with. They're rolling out AB testing to test titles. You've already been able to test titles. You've already been able to test titles. You've already been able to do it with thumbnails. Now you can do it do it with thumbnails. Now you can do it do it with thumbnails. Now you can do it with titles. Not AI related, but pretty with titles. Not AI related, but pretty with titles. Not AI related, but pretty cool if you're a YouTuber. So, YouTube cool if you're a YouTuber. So, YouTube cool if you're a YouTuber. So, YouTube has been doing autodubbing for a little has been doing autodubbing for a little has been doing autodubbing for a little while now on some channels. My channel while now on some channels. My channel while now on some channels. My channel has had it where I speak all of my has had it where I speak all of my has had it where I speak all of my videos in English, but if you're in videos in English, but if you're in videos in English, but if you're in India and you watch one of my videos, it India and you watch one of my videos, it India and you watch one of my videos, it will automatically try to translate it will automatically try to translate it will automatically try to translate it for you by default. If you're in Mexico for you by default. If you're in Mexico for you by default. If you're in Mexico and you try to watch it down there, it and you try to watch it down there, it and you try to watch it down there, it will automatically try to translate it will automatically try to translate it will automatically try to translate it to Spanish. But it doesn't look like I'm to Spanish. But it doesn't look like I'm to Spanish. But it doesn't look like I'm speaking. It just looks like it was speaking. It just looks like it was speaking. It just looks like it was dubbed over with another voice. Well, dubbed over with another voice. Well, dubbed over with another voice. Well, now YouTube is rolling out autodubbing now YouTube is rolling out autodubbing now YouTube is rolling out autodubbing with lipsync. So, it will actually in with lipsync. So, it will actually in with lipsync. So, it will actually in the future look like me and my lips the future look like me and my lips the future look like me and my lips moving and speaking the language that moving and speaking the language that moving and speaking the language that you're hearing with my voice. That's you're hearing with my voice. That's you're hearing with my voice. That's going to be wild. Now, this isn't fully going to be wild. Now, this isn't fully going to be wild. Now, this isn't fully rolled out yet, but this is going to be rolled out yet, but this is going to be rolled out yet, but this is going to be really, really cool. They're also really, really cool. They're also really, really cool. They're also rolling out a likeness detection rolling out a likeness detection rolling out a likeness detection because, well, AI deep fakes are getting because, well, AI deep fakes are getting because, well, AI deep fakes are getting easier and easier, and pretty much easier and easier, and pretty much easier and easier, and pretty much anybody can do them now. And well, if anybody can do them now. And well, if anybody can do them now. And well, if you don't want your likeness being used you don't want your likeness being used you don't want your likeness being used on YouTube, even if it wasn't really on YouTube, even if it wasn't really on YouTube, even if it wasn't really you, well, they're building technology you, well, they're building technology you, well, they're building technology to better detect that and stop people to better detect that and stop people to better detect that and stop people from stealing your likeness and like from stealing your likeness and like from stealing your likeness and like deep faking you into videos. A few of deep faking you into videos. A few of deep faking you into videos. A few of the other random AI features they're the other random AI features they're the other random AI features they're rolling out, you can turn everyday rolling out, you can turn everyday rolling out, you can turn everyday videos into catchy soundtracks. So, if videos into catchy soundtracks. So, if videos into catchy soundtracks. So, if you hear like a funny phrase, a you hear like a funny phrase, a you hear like a funny phrase, a memorable quote, or a one-of-a-kind memorable quote, or a one-of-a-kind memorable quote, or a one-of-a-kind sound, they have a speechto song sound, they have a speechto song sound, they have a speechto song remixing tool that uses LIA 2, which is remixing tool that uses LIA 2, which is remixing tool that uses LIA 2, which is DeepMind's most advanced AI music model, DeepMind's most advanced AI music model, DeepMind's most advanced AI music model, and it will convert whatever sort of and it will convert whatever sort of and it will convert whatever sort of sound bites or quotes or whatever you sound bites or quotes or whatever you sound bites or quotes or whatever you give it into a music video that sounds give it into a music video that sounds give it into a music video that sounds something like this. something like this. something like this. Isn't it almost cuffing season? I know Isn't it almost cuffing season? I know Isn't it almost cuffing season? I know you're looking for that new date spot. you're looking for that new date spot. you're looking for that new date spot. Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it Isn't it almost cuffing season? Isn't it almost? almost? almost? So, you know, a new random meme So, you know, a new random meme So, you know, a new random meme generator. And as we predicted and generator. And as we predicted and generator. And as we predicted and talked about in previous videos, they talked about in previous videos, they talked about in previous videos, they are rolling V3 directly into YouTube are rolling V3 directly into YouTube are rolling V3 directly into YouTube shorts. So, you can see they've shorts. So, you can see they've shorts. So, you can see they've partnered with DeepMind to bring a partnered with DeepMind to bring a partnered with DeepMind to bring a custom version of V3 to YouTube and custom version of V3 to YouTube and custom version of V3 to YouTube and they're allowing users of the platform they're allowing users of the platform they're allowing users of the platform to use it for free directly in shorts. to use it for free directly in shorts. to use it for free directly in shorts. And right now, it's rolling out in the And right now, it's rolling out in the And right now, it's rolling out in the US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. and plans for more countries Zealand. and plans for more countries Zealand. and plans for more countries after that. I'm not a huge fan of this after that. I'm not a huge fan of this after that. I'm not a huge fan of this feature. I think most of the stuff I feature. I think most of the stuff I feature. I think most of the stuff I made on YouTube I was really excited made on YouTube I was really excited made on YouTube I was really excited about and pumped up to try out in the about and pumped up to try out in the about and pumped up to try out in the future. This is one of the things that future. This is one of the things that future. This is one of the things that they announced that I went, I don't know they announced that I went, I don't know they announced that I went, I don't know if that's going to be good. Isn't that if that's going to be good. Isn't that if that's going to be good. Isn't that just going to make it so our shorts feed just going to make it so our shorts feed just going to make it so our shorts feed is all sort of AI generated slop? I is all sort of AI generated slop? I is all sort of AI generated slop? I don't know if you make it that easy for don't know if you make it that easy for don't know if you make it that easy for anybody to just press a button, generate anybody to just press a button, generate anybody to just press a button, generate AI slop, and push it to the feed. I AI slop, and push it to the feed. I AI slop, and push it to the feed. I don't know. That seems like we might get don't know. That seems like we might get don't know. That seems like we might get flooded with that. We'll see. We'll see. flooded with that. We'll see. We'll see. flooded with that. We'll see. We'll see. Overall, I was a huge fan of the made on Overall, I was a huge fan of the made on Overall, I was a huge fan of the made on YouTube event and most of the YouTube event and most of the YouTube event and most of the announcements they made, but yeah, the announcements they made, but yeah, the announcements they made, but yeah, the VO3 and shorts, not something I'm super VO3 and shorts, not something I'm super VO3 and shorts, not something I'm super excited about. And along the same lines excited about. And along the same lines excited about. And along the same lines of AI slop, apparently being an AI of AI slop, apparently being an AI of AI slop, apparently being an AI musician can land you a record deal. musician can land you a record deal. musician can land you a record deal. Oh, somebody kill me, please. So, this Oh, somebody kill me, please. So, this Oh, somebody kill me, please. So, this AI artist named Za Zen Monaet climbs the AI artist named Za Zen Monaet climbs the AI artist named Za Zen Monaet climbs the charts and signs a multi-million dollar charts and signs a multi-million dollar charts and signs a multi-million dollar record deal. So, this is somebody who record deal. So, this is somebody who record deal. So, this is somebody who actually uses Sununo to turn their own actually uses Sununo to turn their own actually uses Sununo to turn their own lyrics, so they write their lyrics lyrics, so they write their lyrics lyrics, so they write their lyrics themselves, I'm guessing, into music. themselves, I'm guessing, into music. themselves, I'm guessing, into music. And the label offered them $3 million to And the label offered them $3 million to And the label offered them $3 million to sign this artist. And since we're sign this artist. And since we're sign this artist. And since we're speaking about leveraging AI to make speaking about leveraging AI to make speaking about leveraging AI to make money, I thought this would be fun to money, I thought this would be fun to money, I thought this would be fun to talk about. So, there's an app called talk about. So, there's an app called talk about. So, there's an app called Neon, and you can find it in the App Neon, and you can find it in the App Neon, and you can find it in the App Store. I believe of both Apple and Store. I believe of both Apple and Store. I believe of both Apple and Android. And it's an app that will pay Android. And it's an app that will pay Android. And it's an app that will pay you to share your phone calls. So you to share your phone calls. So you to share your phone calls. So basically, here's how it works. So let's basically, here's how it works. So let's basically, here's how it works. So let's say I'm calling my mom and I call her say I'm calling my mom and I call her say I'm calling my mom and I call her through this app. It will record those through this app. It will record those through this app. It will record those conversations and send that conversation conversations and send that conversation conversations and send that conversation into some sort of data center to train into some sort of data center to train into some sort of data center to train on that conversation. And the person who on that conversation. And the person who on that conversation. And the person who made the call makes about 30 cents per made the call makes about 30 cents per made the call makes about 30 cents per minute and can max out at about $30 a minute and can max out at about $30 a minute and can max out at about $30 a day by doing this. It doesn't record day by doing this. It doesn't record day by doing this. It doesn't record your calls if you're just using the your calls if you're just using the your calls if you're just using the normal phone app. You do have to use normal phone app. You do have to use normal phone app. You do have to use this specific app and you have to have this specific app and you have to have this specific app and you have to have consent from the person on the other consent from the person on the other consent from the person on the other side and they have to be using the same side and they have to be using the same side and they have to be using the same app as well. If you call somebody with app as well. If you call somebody with app as well. If you call somebody with this app and they're not using the app this app and they're not using the app this app and they're not using the app and they haven't given consent, it's and they haven't given consent, it's and they haven't given consent, it's only going to record your side of the only going to record your side of the only going to record your side of the conversation. If you're both using the conversation. If you're both using the conversation. If you're both using the app and you both gave consent, it will app and you both gave consent, it will app and you both gave consent, it will record both sides of the conversation. record both sides of the conversation. record both sides of the conversation. And again, all of that conversation goes And again, all of that conversation goes And again, all of that conversation goes in as training data that this data in as training data that this data in as training data that this data company can then sell to the AI model company can then sell to the AI model company can then sell to the AI model creators. And you earn money by creators. And you earn money by creators. And you earn money by basically allowing this app to spy on basically allowing this app to spy on basically allowing this app to spy on your calls and use it for training data. your calls and use it for training data. your calls and use it for training data. And you might say, well, who would do And you might say, well, who would do And you might say, well, who would do that? Who would want to use an app that that? Who would want to use an app that that? Who would want to use an app that records and sends all of their records and sends all of their records and sends all of their conversation data to like big tech conversation data to like big tech conversation data to like big tech companies? Well, as of this recording, companies? Well, as of this recording, companies? Well, as of this recording, it's the number seventh most downloaded it's the number seventh most downloaded it's the number seventh most downloaded app for iPhone. If you're on an Android app for iPhone. If you're on an Android app for iPhone. If you're on an Android phone, well, you now have Nano Banana phone, well, you now have Nano Banana phone, well, you now have Nano Banana Editing directly inside of Google Editing directly inside of Google Editing directly inside of Google Photos. If you're a fan of Adobe's Photos. If you're a fan of Adobe's Photos. If you're a fan of Adobe's Firefly boards, well, they just rolled Firefly boards, well, they just rolled Firefly boards, well, they just rolled out two new AI video models into their out two new AI video models into their out two new AI video models into their platform. You can now use Runway Alif platform. You can now use Runway Alif platform. You can now use Runway Alif and Moon Valley's Mary or Marray and Moon Valley's Mary or Marray and Moon Valley's Mary or Marray directly inside of the boards app. 11 directly inside of the boards app. 11 directly inside of the boards app. 11 Labs rolled out an update this week Labs rolled out an update this week Labs rolled out an update this week called Studio 3.0. They claim it's their called Studio 3.0. They claim it's their called Studio 3.0. They claim it's their most advanced AI audio model, and it now most advanced AI audio model, and it now most advanced AI audio model, and it now has video support. I haven't really put has video support. I haven't really put has video support. I haven't really put this one to the test yet, but I this one to the test yet, but I this one to the test yet, but I guarantee we'll be using 11 Labs quite a guarantee we'll be using 11 Labs quite a guarantee we'll be using 11 Labs quite a bit in some future videos. Also, this is bit in some future videos. Also, this is bit in some future videos. Also, this is pretty cool. Automatic captioning, pretty cool. Automatic captioning, pretty cool. Automatic captioning, speech correction for real life speech correction for real life speech correction for real life recordings, and multiplayer commenting. recordings, and multiplayer commenting. recordings, and multiplayer commenting. So, it looks like you can So, it looks like you can So, it looks like you can collaboratively edit stuff in 11 Labs collaboratively edit stuff in 11 Labs collaboratively edit stuff in 11 Labs with other users. If you like generating with other users. If you like generating with other users. If you like generating music, Sunno just rolled out V5, which music, Sunno just rolled out V5, which music, Sunno just rolled out V5, which is their new state-of-the-art music is their new state-of-the-art music is their new state-of-the-art music generation model. I went and tried to generation model. I went and tried to generation model. I went and tried to generate some new songs with V5 and generate some new songs with V5 and generate some new songs with V5 and compared them to version 4.5, and compared them to version 4.5, and compared them to version 4.5, and honestly had a pretty hard time telling honestly had a pretty hard time telling honestly had a pretty hard time telling the difference, but we will put through the difference, but we will put through the difference, but we will put through its motions. We've got some big ideas of its motions. We've got some big ideas of its motions. We've got some big ideas of ways we want to test in some future ways we want to test in some future ways we want to test in some future videos, so make sure you're subscribed videos, so make sure you're subscribed videos, so make sure you're subscribed if you want to see that. And since we're if you want to see that. And since we're if you want to see that. And since we're talking about Sununo, they also launched talking about Sununo, they also launched talking about Sununo, they also launched their own DAW, which stands for digital their own DAW, which stands for digital their own DAW, which stands for digital audio workstation. It's basically your audio workstation. It's basically your audio workstation. It's basically your audio editor. So, there's a brand new audio editor. So, there's a brand new audio editor. So, there's a brand new like audio timeline editor directly like audio timeline editor directly like audio timeline editor directly inside of Sunno. Again, something we inside of Sunno. Again, something we inside of Sunno. Again, something we will be playing with a little bit more will be playing with a little bit more will be playing with a little bit more later, but it sounds like you can later, but it sounds like you can later, but it sounds like you can generate songs and then get really, generate songs and then get really, generate songs and then get really, really granular with the editing of really granular with the editing of really granular with the editing of those songs. So, that sounds pretty those songs. So, that sounds pretty those songs. So, that sounds pretty cool. Now, over the last couple weeks, cool. Now, over the last couple weeks, cool. Now, over the last couple weeks, there was a handful of news in the large there was a handful of news in the large there was a handful of news in the large language model world. I've sort of language model world. I've sort of language model world. I've sort of backed off on trying to explain the backed off on trying to explain the backed off on trying to explain the benefits and the differences of these benefits and the differences of these benefits and the differences of these new models because quite honestly, it new models because quite honestly, it new models because quite honestly, it all feels so marginal to me and to the all feels so marginal to me and to the all feels so marginal to me and to the majority of the world. The improvements majority of the world. The improvements majority of the world. The improvements in these LLMs doesn't really make a in these LLMs doesn't really make a in these LLMs doesn't really make a difference unless you're, you know, a difference unless you're, you know, a difference unless you're, you know, a developer or somebody that's really, developer or somebody that's really, developer or somebody that's really, really, really putting these models to really, really putting these models to really, really putting these models to their limits. But here's what we got their limits. But here's what we got their limits. But here's what we got over the last couple weeks. So, we got a over the last couple weeks. So, we got a over the last couple weeks. So, we got a couple new models out of Google. Gemini couple new models out of Google. Gemini couple new models out of Google. Gemini 2.5 Flash and Flash Light. Now, these 2.5 Flash and Flash Light. Now, these 2.5 Flash and Flash Light. Now, these are models that have been available, but are models that have been available, but are models that have been available, but they made some improvements in the they made some improvements in the they made some improvements in the quality and speed to them so that quality and speed to them so that quality and speed to them so that they're a little bit more performant. they're a little bit more performant. they're a little bit more performant. XAI rolled out Gro 4 Fast, which is a XAI rolled out Gro 4 Fast, which is a XAI rolled out Gro 4 Fast, which is a faster but probably slightly dumber Gro faster but probably slightly dumber Gro faster but probably slightly dumber Gro model, but actually performs pretty dang model, but actually performs pretty dang model, but actually performs pretty dang close to Gro 4 in almost all of these close to Gro 4 in almost all of these close to Gro 4 in almost all of these benchmarks they tested it on. We got a benchmarks they tested it on. We got a benchmarks they tested it on. We got a couple new models out of Alibaba. We got couple new models out of Alibaba. We got couple new models out of Alibaba. We got Quinn3 Max, which you can actually play Quinn3 Max, which you can actually play Quinn3 Max, which you can actually play with for free over at chat.quinn.ai. with for free over at chat.quinn.ai. with for free over at chat.quinn.ai. Apparently, this one's really good at Apparently, this one's really good at Apparently, this one's really good at coding and agentic skills. We can see coding and agentic skills. We can see coding and agentic skills. We can see the red bars here as it's compared to the red bars here as it's compared to the red bars here as it's compared to Quinn 3, big long number. Edclaude Opus Quinn 3, big long number. Edclaude Opus Quinn 3, big long number. Edclaude Opus 4 and Deepseek V3.1. And it pretty much 4 and Deepseek V3.1. And it pretty much 4 and Deepseek V3.1. And it pretty much beats all of those in all of them except beats all of those in all of them except beats all of those in all of them except for the Sweetbench here. Basically for the Sweetbench here. Basically for the Sweetbench here. Basically showing that it's pretty good at code. showing that it's pretty good at code. showing that it's pretty good at code. We also got Quinn 3 Omni out of Alibaba. We also got Quinn 3 Omni out of Alibaba. We also got Quinn 3 Omni out of Alibaba. So this is an Omni model that can manage So this is an Omni model that can manage So this is an Omni model that can manage text, image, audio, and video all in one text, image, audio, and video all in one text, image, audio, and video all in one model. And they apparently open source model. And they apparently open source model. And they apparently open source this one as well. OpenAI is trying to this one as well. OpenAI is trying to this one as well. OpenAI is trying to build in some age checks into the build in some age checks into the build in some age checks into the system. And it sounds like it's going to system. And it sounds like it's going to system. And it sounds like it's going to try to predict their age based on the try to predict their age based on the try to predict their age based on the conversations they're having, not by conversations they're having, not by conversations they're having, not by some sort of like age verification form some sort of like age verification form some sort of like age verification form or something. It says down here, even or something. It says down here, even or something. It says down here, even the most advanced systems will sometimes the most advanced systems will sometimes the most advanced systems will sometimes struggle to predict age. If we're not struggle to predict age. If we're not struggle to predict age. If we're not confident about someone's age or have confident about someone's age or have confident about someone's age or have incomplete information, we'll take the incomplete information, we'll take the incomplete information, we'll take the safer route and default to the under 18 safer route and default to the under 18 safer route and default to the under 18 experience. So, if you talk like experience. So, if you talk like experience. So, if you talk like somebody that's under 18, it might guess somebody that's under 18, it might guess somebody that's under 18, it might guess that you're under 18 and give you the that you're under 18 and give you the that you're under 18 and give you the kid-friendly chat GPT. But, they did kid-friendly chat GPT. But, they did kid-friendly chat GPT. But, they did also add parental controls where parents also add parental controls where parents also add parental controls where parents can actively take control over what kids can actively take control over what kids can actively take control over what kids see when they're using chat GPT. And see when they're using chat GPT. And see when they're using chat GPT. And since we're talking about OpenAI and since we're talking about OpenAI and since we're talking about OpenAI and chat GPT, there is some other features chat GPT, there is some other features chat GPT, there is some other features that rolled out. You can now share your that rolled out. You can now share your that rolled out. You can now share your projects with other team members. I projects with other team members. I projects with other team members. I guess the various connectors that are guess the various connectors that are guess the various connectors that are available are slightly better. Like they available are slightly better. Like they available are slightly better. Like they pull in more details via the API, and pull in more details via the API, and pull in more details via the API, and they've made some new compliance and they've made some new compliance and they've made some new compliance and security updates. So, you know, not security updates. So, you know, not security updates. So, you know, not major updates, but if you are working major updates, but if you are working major updates, but if you are working with a team, having shared projects with a team, having shared projects with a team, having shared projects sounds pretty handy. The company Factory sounds pretty handy. The company Factory sounds pretty handy. The company Factory AI this week reached number one on AI this week reached number one on AI this week reached number one on Terminal Bench, which is the most Terminal Bench, which is the most Terminal Bench, which is the most challenging general software development challenging general software development challenging general software development benchmark. So, it actually outperformed benchmark. So, it actually outperformed benchmark. So, it actually outperformed tools like Claude Code and Codeex CLI tools like Claude Code and Codeex CLI tools like Claude Code and Codeex CLI from OpenAI. And they even made it so from OpenAI. And they even made it so from OpenAI. And they even made it so that you can use the factory AI platform that you can use the factory AI platform that you can use the factory AI platform with any interface. So, you can use it with any interface. So, you can use it with any interface. So, you can use it directly inside of like VS Code or directly inside of like VS Code or directly inside of like VS Code or Windsurf or Cursor or whatever IDE Windsurf or Cursor or whatever IDE Windsurf or Cursor or whatever IDE you're using or from places like Slack. you're using or from places like Slack. you're using or from places like Slack. Anyway, this is one that I just wanted Anyway, this is one that I just wanted Anyway, this is one that I just wanted to share because I'm an investor in to share because I'm an investor in to share because I'm an investor in factory and I'm excited about this news. factory and I'm excited about this news. factory and I'm excited about this news. They're making some pretty good They're making some pretty good They're making some pretty good progress. I thought this story was progress. I thought this story was progress. I thought this story was really interesting. Microsoft 365 really interesting. Microsoft 365 really interesting. Microsoft 365 Copilot just added enthropic models to Copilot just added enthropic models to Copilot just added enthropic models to it. So now if you're in something like it. So now if you're in something like it. So now if you're in something like Excel, you can actually choose whether Excel, you can actually choose whether Excel, you can actually choose whether you want to use one of the GPT models or you want to use one of the GPT models or you want to use one of the GPT models or one of the enthropic models. What's going on in there? What's going on in there? What's going on in there? What? And the reason this is interesting What? And the reason this is interesting What? And the reason this is interesting is because well Microsoft owns 49% of is because well Microsoft owns 49% of is because well Microsoft owns 49% of OpenAI's not forprofit side of their OpenAI's not forprofit side of their OpenAI's not forprofit side of their company. And with Microsoft owning such company. And with Microsoft owning such company. And with Microsoft owning such a big chunk of Open AI, you would think a big chunk of Open AI, you would think a big chunk of Open AI, you would think they would be all in on OpenAI, but they would be all in on OpenAI, but they would be all in on OpenAI, but nope. Microsoft is really diversifying nope. Microsoft is really diversifying nope. Microsoft is really diversifying and even allowing you to use competitors and even allowing you to use competitors and even allowing you to use competitors like Anthropic inside of their like Anthropic inside of their like Anthropic inside of their platforms. And finally, you will soon be platforms. And finally, you will soon be platforms. And finally, you will soon be able to attend Zoom meetings as an AI able to attend Zoom meetings as an AI able to attend Zoom meetings as an AI avatar. So yeah, you'll be able to avatar. So yeah, you'll be able to avatar. So yeah, you'll be able to upload an AI avatar of yourself, not be upload an AI avatar of yourself, not be upload an AI avatar of yourself, not be on camera, and let your AI avatar do the on camera, and let your AI avatar do the on camera, and let your AI avatar do the speaking for you if you don't feel like speaking for you if you don't feel like speaking for you if you don't feel like putting clothes on or something. putting clothes on or something. putting clothes on or something. I'm here live. That's not I'm not a cat. I'm here live. That's not I'm not a cat. I'm here live. That's not I'm not a cat. And that's what I got for you today. I And that's what I got for you today. I And that's what I got for you today. I know it was a lot. This was a fire hose know it was a lot. This was a fire hose know it was a lot. This was a fire hose episode. And well, it's because I episode. And well, it's because I episode. And well, it's because I skipped a couple of weeks. And quite skipped a couple of weeks. And quite skipped a couple of weeks. And quite honestly, that's probably going to honestly, that's probably going to honestly, that's probably going to happen a little bit more often as well. happen a little bit more often as well. happen a little bit more often as well. We've got some really, really, really We've got some really, really, really We've got some really, really, really big ideas for videos that really put big ideas for videos that really put big ideas for videos that really put these tools into action. And so, you'll these tools into action. And so, you'll these tools into action. And so, you'll probably see some different kinds of probably see some different kinds of probably see some different kinds of videos starting to roll out on this videos starting to roll out on this videos starting to roll out on this channel where we really, really figure channel where we really, really figure channel where we really, really figure out the limits of some of these out the limits of some of these out the limits of some of these software. We put them to the test. We software. We put them to the test. We software. We put them to the test. We put them out there into real world use put them out there into real world use put them out there into real world use cases and we try to find new, cases and we try to find new, cases and we try to find new, interesting, useful ways to use a lot of interesting, useful ways to use a lot of interesting, useful ways to use a lot of these AI tools. And it's a new style of these AI tools. And it's a new style of these AI tools. And it's a new style of video we're testing. And as we work to video we're testing. And as we work to video we're testing. And as we work to produce more and more of those videos, produce more and more of those videos, produce more and more of those videos, well, the news videos may be further in well, the news videos may be further in well, the news videos may be further in between, but I promise I will still keep between, but I promise I will still keep between, but I promise I will still keep you looped in on all of the biggest, you looped in on all of the biggest, you looped in on all of the biggest, most important news in the AI world that most important news in the AI world that most important news in the AI world that you're going to want to know and you're going to want to know and you're going to want to know and probably cut out maybe some of the fluff probably cut out maybe some of the fluff probably cut out maybe some of the fluff that might have made it into some of that might have made it into some of that might have made it into some of these news videos. So, stick around. If these news videos. So, stick around. If these news videos. So, stick around. If you're interested in learning real you're interested in learning real you're interested in learning real practical use cases for AI tools and practical use cases for AI tools and practical use cases for AI tools and learning how you can actually implement learning how you can actually implement learning how you can actually implement them in your business or your real life, them in your business or your real life, them in your business or your real life, we've got exciting stuff coming up. So, we've got exciting stuff coming up. So, we've got exciting stuff coming up. So, you're going to want to stick around for you're going to want to stick around for you're going to want to stick around for that. Make sure you like this video, you that. Make sure you like this video, you that. Make sure you like this video, you subscribe to this channel. That'll make subscribe to this channel. That'll make subscribe to this channel. That'll make sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. Thank you so much for your YouTube feed. Thank you so much for your YouTube feed. Thank you so much for tuning in and nerding out with me about tuning in and nerding out with me about tuning in and nerding out with me about all of the latest stuff that came out in all of the latest stuff that came out in all of the latest stuff that came out in AI over the last two weeks. Hopefully AI over the last two weeks. Hopefully AI over the last two weeks. Hopefully you feel more looped in and uh that's my you feel more looped in and uh that's my you feel more looped in and uh that's my goal here is to keep you looped in and goal here is to keep you looped in and goal here is to keep you looped in and learning how to use this stuff. So, learning how to use this stuff. So, learning how to use this stuff. So, thanks again for hanging out. Really, thanks again for hanging out. Really, thanks again for hanging out. Really, really appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll really appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll really appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me you so much for nerding out with me you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, today. If you like videos like this, today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and make sure to give it a thumbs up and make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make subscribe to this channel. I'll make subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't your YouTube feed. And if you haven't your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
