Title: AI News： 24 Stories You Missed While Living Your Life
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

Last week was probably the craziest week Last week was probably the craziest week Last week was probably the craziest week we've seen in AI so far this year. It we've seen in AI so far this year. It we've seen in AI so far this year. It was so big that most of the AI world is was so big that most of the AI world is was so big that most of the AI world is still talking about last week's news still talking about last week's news still talking about last week's news this week. However, GPT5 and Google's this week. However, GPT5 and Google's this week. However, GPT5 and Google's Genie 3 aren't the only interesting Genie 3 aren't the only interesting Genie 3 aren't the only interesting things worth talking about. In fact, things worth talking about. In fact, things worth talking about. In fact, there were quite a few other interesting there were quite a few other interesting there were quite a few other interesting tools and stories that kind of flew tools and stories that kind of flew tools and stories that kind of flew under the radar this week. So, I'm not under the radar this week. So, I'm not under the radar this week. So, I'm not going to waste your time. Let's dive going to waste your time. Let's dive going to waste your time. Let's dive right into the AI news that's worth right into the AI news that's worth right into the AI news that's worth talking about this week. Starting with talking about this week. Starting with talking about this week. Starting with the things you can actually use right the things you can actually use right the things you can actually use right now, Microsoft rolled out a fun new now, Microsoft rolled out a fun new now, Microsoft rolled out a fun new project called Copilot 3D, which allows project called Copilot 3D, which allows project called Copilot 3D, which allows you to turn any image into a 3D model. you to turn any image into a 3D model. you to turn any image into a 3D model. Now, this isn't a text to 3D or text to Now, this isn't a text to 3D or text to Now, this isn't a text to 3D or text to image model. You give it an image and it image model. You give it an image and it image model. You give it an image and it converts that image into a 3D object. converts that image into a 3D object. converts that image into a 3D object. This is cool cuz you can use it for This is cool cuz you can use it for This is cool cuz you can use it for things like creating 3D assets for game things like creating 3D assets for game things like creating 3D assets for game development, miniature modeling, and development, miniature modeling, and development, miniature modeling, and even 3D printing, web design. turn even 3D printing, web design. turn even 3D printing, web design. turn graphics into 3D graphics for your site graphics into 3D graphics for your site graphics into 3D graphics for your site and even for virtual reality. You can and even for virtual reality. You can and even for virtual reality. You can pull these objects into virtual worlds. pull these objects into virtual worlds. pull these objects into virtual worlds. This is currently freely available to This is currently freely available to This is currently freely available to use for anybody. You can find it at this use for anybody. You can find it at this use for anybody. You can find it at this URL here, but I will make sure it's URL here, but I will make sure it's URL here, but I will make sure it's linked up in the description so you have linked up in the description so you have linked up in the description so you have easy access. Once you're on this page, easy access. Once you're on this page, easy access. Once you're on this page, you can click try now. You do have to you can click try now. You do have to you can click try now. You do have to have a free Microsoft account to use it. have a free Microsoft account to use it. have a free Microsoft account to use it. So, sign in with your Microsoft account. So, sign in with your Microsoft account. So, sign in with your Microsoft account. And once you're logged into your And once you're logged into your And once you're logged into your Microsoft Copilot account, if you're not Microsoft Copilot account, if you're not Microsoft Copilot account, if you're not immediately redirected to the Copilot immediately redirected to the Copilot immediately redirected to the Copilot 3D, open up this sidebar menu here, 3D, open up this sidebar menu here, 3D, open up this sidebar menu here, click into Labs, and you'll see Co-Pilot click into Labs, and you'll see Co-Pilot click into Labs, and you'll see Co-Pilot 3D right here along with some other cool 3D right here along with some other cool 3D right here along with some other cool little toys you can play with inside of little toys you can play with inside of little toys you can play with inside of Copilot Labs. But let's try the Copilot Copilot Labs. But let's try the Copilot Copilot Labs. But let's try the Copilot 3D here. And this doesn't work from a 3D here. And this doesn't work from a 3D here. And this doesn't work from a text prompt. You have to give it an text prompt. You have to give it an text prompt. You have to give it an image to start. So I want to try two image to start. So I want to try two image to start. So I want to try two things. I want to generate an image and things. I want to generate an image and things. I want to generate an image and pull it in. And I also want to see if it pull it in. And I also want to see if it pull it in. And I also want to see if it works with like a realworld image that I works with like a realworld image that I works with like a realworld image that I take. Can I take a photo of something, take. Can I take a photo of something, take. Can I take a photo of something, have it generate a 3D version of the have it generate a 3D version of the have it generate a 3D version of the real life object, and then be able to real life object, and then be able to real life object, and then be able to import it into a game or something. So, import it into a game or something. So, import it into a game or something. So, let's start by generating an image. For let's start by generating an image. For let's start by generating an image. For this, I'm going to go ahead and use this, I'm going to go ahead and use this, I'm going to go ahead and use Leonardo, which is my favorite image Leonardo, which is my favorite image Leonardo, which is my favorite image generation, but full disclosure, I'm generation, but full disclosure, I'm generation, but full disclosure, I'm also an adviser for them. And we're also an adviser for them. And we're also an adviser for them. And we're going to generate an image of hard shell going to generate an image of hard shell going to generate an image of hard shell taco roller skates, cuz why not? And taco roller skates, cuz why not? And taco roller skates, cuz why not? And here's the image we'll be working with. here's the image we'll be working with. here's the image we'll be working with. I'll go ahead and download this. We'll I'll go ahead and download this. We'll I'll go ahead and download this. We'll jump back into Copilot 3D here. Upload jump back into Copilot 3D here. Upload jump back into Copilot 3D here. Upload our image. And we'll select our hard our image. And we'll select our hard our image. And we'll select our hard shell taco roller skate here. See how it shell taco roller skate here. See how it shell taco roller skate here. See how it does. And honestly, not bad. It actually does. And honestly, not bad. It actually does. And honestly, not bad. It actually only took maybe 20 seconds or so. only took maybe 20 seconds or so. only took maybe 20 seconds or so. Really, really quick to generate. That Really, really quick to generate. That Really, really quick to generate. That was what was most surprising to me was was what was most surprising to me was was what was most surprising to me was how fast it actually did this. It sort how fast it actually did this. It sort how fast it actually did this. It sort of made the shadows part of the object of made the shadows part of the object of made the shadows part of the object here. But that's something that if you here. But that's something that if you here. But that's something that if you know Blender, you could probably get in know Blender, you could probably get in know Blender, you could probably get in and fix real quick. But I'm actually and fix real quick. But I'm actually and fix real quick. But I'm actually really impressed with our 3D taco roller really impressed with our 3D taco roller really impressed with our 3D taco roller skate here. So, one other thing I want skate here. So, one other thing I want skate here. So, one other thing I want to test is I want to take a picture of to test is I want to take a picture of to test is I want to take a picture of an object in the real world. So, maybe an object in the real world. So, maybe an object in the real world. So, maybe I'll go take a picture of my guitars I'll go take a picture of my guitars I'll go take a picture of my guitars real quick. All right, give me one real quick. All right, give me one real quick. All right, give me one second. Take a picture of this guitar second. Take a picture of this guitar second. Take a picture of this guitar right here. Let's see if we can figure right here. Let's see if we can figure right here. Let's see if we can figure that out. So, here's the photo I'm that out. So, here's the photo I'm that out. So, here's the photo I'm working with. It's actually missing a working with. It's actually missing a working with. It's actually missing a string. One of my strings broke and I string. One of my strings broke and I string. One of my strings broke and I haven't replaced it yet. But, I don't haven't replaced it yet. But, I don't haven't replaced it yet. But, I don't think the 3D uh generator will notice think the 3D uh generator will notice think the 3D uh generator will notice that. So, let's toss this image in and that. So, let's toss this image in and that. So, let's toss this image in and see if it can actually generate based on see if it can actually generate based on see if it can actually generate based on a real image. I don't see why it a real image. I don't see why it a real image. I don't see why it wouldn't. I'll go ahead and close out of wouldn't. I'll go ahead and close out of wouldn't. I'll go ahead and close out of this one. We'll upload a new image. This this one. We'll upload a new image. This this one. We'll upload a new image. This time, we'll pull in the image I just time, we'll pull in the image I just time, we'll pull in the image I just took. And let's um let's create that. I took. And let's um let's create that. I took. And let's um let's create that. I don't know what it's going to think of don't know what it's going to think of don't know what it's going to think of the background. There's actually like a the background. There's actually like a the background. There's actually like a little outlet that's kind of being hid little outlet that's kind of being hid little outlet that's kind of being hid by the guitar a little bit. Once again, by the guitar a little bit. Once again, by the guitar a little bit. Once again, it was super fast. Let's see. I mean, it was super fast. Let's see. I mean, it was super fast. Let's see. I mean, yeah, not bad. The head up here is like yeah, not bad. The head up here is like yeah, not bad. The head up here is like really kind of wonky looking, but it's really kind of wonky looking, but it's really kind of wonky looking, but it's it's not bad at all. It definitely lacks it's not bad at all. It definitely lacks it's not bad at all. It definitely lacks some detail, but it's a great start. I some detail, but it's a great start. I some detail, but it's a great start. I mean, I could probably clean this up a mean, I could probably clean this up a mean, I could probably clean this up a little bit in Blender and 3D print it if little bit in Blender and 3D print it if little bit in Blender and 3D print it if I wanted to or, you know, hang it on a I wanted to or, you know, hang it on a I wanted to or, you know, hang it on a wall in a game in Unreal Engine and it wall in a game in Unreal Engine and it wall in a game in Unreal Engine and it looks like a pretty solid guitar. I looks like a pretty solid guitar. I looks like a pretty solid guitar. I mean, considering the fact that you mean, considering the fact that you mean, considering the fact that you upload an image and it only takes like upload an image and it only takes like upload an image and it only takes like 15 seconds maybe to turn it into 3D, 15 seconds maybe to turn it into 3D, 15 seconds maybe to turn it into 3D, it's really impressive, especially since it's really impressive, especially since it's really impressive, especially since these models that were doing image to 3D these models that were doing image to 3D these models that were doing image to 3D like a year ago, you'd have to wait like like a year ago, you'd have to wait like like a year ago, you'd have to wait like a half a day. You'd submit it and it a half a day. You'd submit it and it a half a day. You'd submit it and it would process in a cloud somewhere and would process in a cloud somewhere and would process in a cloud somewhere and you'd come back like hours later to see you'd come back like hours later to see you'd come back like hours later to see if it would finish. And now it's doing if it would finish. And now it's doing if it would finish. And now it's doing it in like 15 seconds. And it obviously it in like 15 seconds. And it obviously it in like 15 seconds. And it obviously knows what a guitar looks like. It's knows what a guitar looks like. It's knows what a guitar looks like. It's probably in the training data cuz it probably in the training data cuz it probably in the training data cuz it sort of figured out what the back would sort of figured out what the back would sort of figured out what the back would look like. And that's that's got to be look like. And that's that's got to be look like. And that's that's got to be based on existing data within the, you based on existing data within the, you based on existing data within the, you know, in the training set. But pretty know, in the training set. But pretty know, in the training set. But pretty dang impressive. And it's free to use. dang impressive. And it's free to use. dang impressive. And it's free to use. Totally free over on Copilot Labs. So, Totally free over on Copilot Labs. So, Totally free over on Copilot Labs. So, something fun to play with and check something fun to play with and check something fun to play with and check out. If you're looking for another way out. If you're looking for another way out. If you're looking for another way to generate highquality videos that to generate highquality videos that to generate highquality videos that actually have sound, well, you can actually have sound, well, you can actually have sound, well, you can actually do it through Perplexity. Now, actually do it through Perplexity. Now, actually do it through Perplexity. Now, V3 is pretty expensive if you use it V3 is pretty expensive if you use it V3 is pretty expensive if you use it directly through Google, but now there's directly through Google, but now there's directly through Google, but now there's so many other platforms that use it, and so many other platforms that use it, and so many other platforms that use it, and I believe Perplexity is using V3. I'm I believe Perplexity is using V3. I'm I believe Perplexity is using V3. I'm not 100% sure, like, I can't confirm not 100% sure, like, I can't confirm not 100% sure, like, I can't confirm that exactly, but I'm pretty sure it's that exactly, but I'm pretty sure it's that exactly, but I'm pretty sure it's V3. But Perplexity now has video V3. But Perplexity now has video V3. But Perplexity now has video generation on web, iOS, and Android. If generation on web, iOS, and Android. If generation on web, iOS, and Android. If you're a pro subscriber, you get five you're a pro subscriber, you get five you're a pro subscriber, you get five videos a month. If you're a max videos a month. If you're a max videos a month. If you're a max subscriber, you can generate 15 with subscriber, you can generate 15 with subscriber, you can generate 15 with even better quality. Real simple. If we even better quality. Real simple. If we even better quality. Real simple. If we head over to perplexity.ai here, I am on head over to perplexity.ai here, I am on head over to perplexity.ai here, I am on a pro plan, not the max plan, so I get a pro plan, not the max plan, so I get a pro plan, not the max plan, so I get five generations a month. I've already five generations a month. I've already five generations a month. I've already tested this once, so I've already used tested this once, so I've already used tested this once, so I've already used one of my generations. But if I just one of my generations. But if I just one of my generations. But if I just give it the prompt, just straight up in give it the prompt, just straight up in give it the prompt, just straight up in perplexity, generate a video of a cowboy perplexity, generate a video of a cowboy perplexity, generate a video of a cowboy riding a kangaroo on top of an erupting riding a kangaroo on top of an erupting riding a kangaroo on top of an erupting volcano. And tell it to generate. You'll volcano. And tell it to generate. You'll volcano. And tell it to generate. You'll notice we don't need to switch to any notice we don't need to switch to any notice we don't need to switch to any special mode or anything like that. It special mode or anything like that. It special mode or anything like that. It will just start generating. And it will just start generating. And it will just start generating. And it totally changed my prompt, too. You can totally changed my prompt, too. You can totally changed my prompt, too. You can see it has like a prompt optimizer where see it has like a prompt optimizer where see it has like a prompt optimizer where it took my basic prompt and rewrote it it took my basic prompt and rewrote it it took my basic prompt and rewrote it as a much stronger prompt. And now it's as a much stronger prompt. And now it's as a much stronger prompt. And now it's trying to generate. I'd say it took trying to generate. I'd say it took trying to generate. I'd say it took roughly a minute, maybe slightly less roughly a minute, maybe slightly less roughly a minute, maybe slightly less than a minute. And here's what we got. than a minute. And here's what we got. than a minute. And here's what we got. Let's go full screen with it. I got no Let's go full screen with it. I got no Let's go full screen with it. I got no complaints with that. It followed the complaints with that. It followed the complaints with that. It followed the prompt. I don't know what was roaring. I prompt. I don't know what was roaring. I prompt. I don't know what was roaring. I don't think kangaroos really growl, but don't think kangaroos really growl, but don't think kangaroos really growl, but it definitely did the trick. Now, I it definitely did the trick. Now, I it definitely did the trick. Now, I don't know if this works with images. don't know if this works with images. don't know if this works with images. Only one way to find out. Let's go ahead Only one way to find out. Let's go ahead Only one way to find out. Let's go ahead and click on plus. Here I have this and click on plus. Here I have this and click on plus. Here I have this image that my producer Dave made of a image that my producer Dave made of a image that my producer Dave made of a Mountain Dew River with Dorito Mountains Mountain Dew River with Dorito Mountains Mountain Dew River with Dorito Mountains and pizza buildings. Let's see if it'll and pizza buildings. Let's see if it'll and pizza buildings. Let's see if it'll animate this. So, I will attach an animate this. So, I will attach an animate this. So, I will attach an image. We'll attach the image that we image. We'll attach the image that we image. We'll attach the image that we just were looking at. And let's see if just were looking at. And let's see if just were looking at. And let's see if it'll create a video from the image. it'll create a video from the image. it'll create a video from the image. Let's give it the prompt create a video Let's give it the prompt create a video Let's give it the prompt create a video of a Mountain Dew River, Dorito of a Mountain Dew River, Dorito of a Mountain Dew River, Dorito Mountains, and pizza houses using the Mountains, and pizza houses using the Mountains, and pizza houses using the attached image. Let's see if it actually attached image. Let's see if it actually attached image. Let's see if it actually generates off of that image. I think it generates off of that image. I think it generates off of that image. I think it might have created a new image cuz we might have created a new image cuz we might have created a new image cuz we can see here illustrating a creative can see here illustrating a creative can see here illustrating a creative scene with mountains, a river, houses scene with mountains, a river, houses scene with mountains, a river, houses inspired by the provided image. So, it inspired by the provided image. So, it inspired by the provided image. So, it seems like it's creating a brand new seems like it's creating a brand new seems like it's creating a brand new prompt inspired by the image and not prompt inspired by the image and not prompt inspired by the image and not actually using the image we uploaded. actually using the image we uploaded. actually using the image we uploaded. I'm wrong. It actually did use that I'm wrong. It actually did use that I'm wrong. It actually did use that image. Here's what it looks like. image. Here's what it looks like. image. Here's what it looks like. Complete with steaming pizza in a Complete with steaming pizza in a Complete with steaming pizza in a flowing Mountain Dew River. So, yeah, flowing Mountain Dew River. So, yeah, flowing Mountain Dew River. So, yeah, with Perplexity, you can go text to with Perplexity, you can go text to with Perplexity, you can go text to video or image to video and it will video or image to video and it will video or image to video and it will generate it with sound. It's 8 seconds, generate it with sound. It's 8 seconds, generate it with sound. It's 8 seconds, which I think is kind of a hint that it which I think is kind of a hint that it which I think is kind of a hint that it is using V3, but another platform to get is using V3, but another platform to get is using V3, but another platform to get V3. And if you're already paying for V3. And if you're already paying for V3. And if you're already paying for perplexity, it's a nice little bonus. perplexity, it's a nice little bonus. perplexity, it's a nice little bonus. While we're on the topic of AI video, While we're on the topic of AI video, While we're on the topic of AI video, the company Open Art, which was formed the company Open Art, which was formed the company Open Art, which was formed by some previous Googlers, can now by some previous Googlers, can now by some previous Googlers, can now create brain rot videos in just one create brain rot videos in just one create brain rot videos in just one click. click. click. I made them extra for you. I made them extra for you. I made them extra for you. If you're not familiar with brain rot, If you're not familiar with brain rot, If you're not familiar with brain rot, here's some quick examples. here's some quick examples. here's some quick examples. You a shark, not more like blah blah You a shark, not more like blah blah You a shark, not more like blah blah blah. Wiggle your fins, but can't drop blah. Wiggle your fins, but can't drop blah. Wiggle your fins, but can't drop heat. You flop so hard even seaweed heat. You flop so hard even seaweed heat. You flop so hard even seaweed beat. beat. beat. Or maybe some of this. Or maybe some of this. Or maybe some of this. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow. [Music] Yeah, that's basically AI generated Yeah, that's basically AI generated Yeah, that's basically AI generated brain rot, aka AI slop. Well, Open Art brain rot, aka AI slop. Well, Open Art brain rot, aka AI slop. Well, Open Art just released a new feature called just released a new feature called just released a new feature called one-click story. It allows users to one-click story. It allows users to one-click story. It allows users to input a single sentence, a script, or input a single sentence, a script, or input a single sentence, a script, or even a song and turn it into a one even a song and turn it into a one even a song and turn it into a one minute video with a story arc. You know, minute video with a story arc. You know, minute video with a story arc. You know, this whole like AI slop, brain rot sort this whole like AI slop, brain rot sort this whole like AI slop, brain rot sort of stuff that's going around is not my of stuff that's going around is not my of stuff that's going around is not my favorite use case of AI. In fact, I'm favorite use case of AI. In fact, I'm favorite use case of AI. In fact, I'm sort of worried about the world getting sort of worried about the world getting sort of worried about the world getting flooded with this stuff, but I'm going flooded with this stuff, but I'm going flooded with this stuff, but I'm going to test it cuz that's what I do. I test to test it cuz that's what I do. I test to test it cuz that's what I do. I test tools. And so, if I head over to tools. And so, if I head over to tools. And so, if I head over to openart.ai, over on the left, they've openart.ai, over on the left, they've openart.ai, over on the left, they've got this story section. If I click in got this story section. If I click in got this story section. If I click in here, we've got options for character here, we've got options for character here, we've got options for character vlog, music video, explainer video, or vlog, music video, explainer video, or vlog, music video, explainer video, or from scratch. So, let's do a character from scratch. So, let's do a character from scratch. So, let's do a character vlog and see. Pick your star. We've got vlog and see. Pick your star. We've got vlog and see. Pick your star. We've got a few characters we can choose from or a few characters we can choose from or a few characters we can choose from or we can go custom where we can upload a we can go custom where we can upload a we can go custom where we can upload a reference image. For this example, let's reference image. For this example, let's reference image. For this example, let's just use one of theirs. I'll use this just use one of theirs. I'll use this just use one of theirs. I'll use this like penguin stuffed animal thing. Allow like penguin stuffed animal thing. Allow like penguin stuffed animal thing. Allow outfit changes. Sure, why not? Vlog outfit changes. Sure, why not? Vlog outfit changes. Sure, why not? Vlog topic. Let's go. Nina goes skydiving. topic. Let's go. Nina goes skydiving. topic. Let's go. Nina goes skydiving. Let's make it 916. We'll let it auto Let's make it 916. We'll let it auto Let's make it 916. We'll let it auto select the background music. And then we select the background music. And then we select the background music. And then we can pick image models and video models. can pick image models and video models. can pick image models and video models. Interesting. Okay. So, for our image Interesting. Okay. So, for our image Interesting. Okay. So, for our image model, let's go ahead and leave it on model, let's go ahead and leave it on model, let's go ahead and leave it on the character model. Best video model, the character model. Best video model, the character model. Best video model, let's go cling 2.1. let's go cling 2.1. let's go cling 2.1. Okay, so it's saying this is about a,000 Okay, so it's saying this is about a,000 Okay, so it's saying this is about a,000 credits. They only give me 500 credits credits. They only give me 500 credits credits. They only give me 500 credits to start. So, maybe I have to go back to to start. So, maybe I have to go back to to start. So, maybe I have to go back to Cling 2.1 standard. So, the amount of Cling 2.1 standard. So, the amount of Cling 2.1 standard. So, the amount of credits they give you for free does not credits they give you for free does not credits they give you for free does not cover the cost to generate one of these cover the cost to generate one of these cover the cost to generate one of these videos. You can't even really test it. videos. You can't even really test it. videos. You can't even really test it. That's unfortunate. Looks like you need That's unfortunate. Looks like you need That's unfortunate. Looks like you need to be on their $14 a month plan to be to be on their $14 a month plan to be to be on their $14 a month plan to be able to generate these one-click able to generate these one-click able to generate these one-click stories. Kind of a bummer. They don't stories. Kind of a bummer. They don't stories. Kind of a bummer. They don't let you at least do one for free. Okay, let you at least do one for free. Okay, let you at least do one for free. Okay, so I bit the bullet and subscribed real so I bit the bullet and subscribed real so I bit the bullet and subscribed real quick just cuz I want to see what this quick just cuz I want to see what this quick just cuz I want to see what this looks like. Now I've got my 4,000 looks like. Now I've got my 4,000 looks like. Now I've got my 4,000 credits. Let's go ahead and create our credits. Let's go ahead and create our credits. Let's go ahead and create our story. All right, and here's what it story. All right, and here's what it story. All right, and here's what it generated for us. We did it. We did it. We did it. Yay. We did it. We did it. We did it. Yay. We did it. We did it. We did it. Yay. Now we see. Now we see. Now we see. We did it. We did it. We did it. We crawled through doggy doors with our We crawled through doggy doors with our We crawled through doggy doors with our little pup. We did it. We did it. We did little pup. We did it. We did it. We did little pup. We did it. We did it. We did it. Hooray. Okay, some things I love. it. Hooray. Okay, some things I love. it. Hooray. Okay, some things I love. The airplane just kind of takes off The airplane just kind of takes off The airplane just kind of takes off vertically here. Our penguin skydiving vertically here. Our penguin skydiving vertically here. Our penguin skydiving and the parachute just changes to a and the parachute just changes to a and the parachute just changes to a completely different parachute randomly completely different parachute randomly completely different parachute randomly halfway down. But the thing about these halfway down. But the thing about these halfway down. But the thing about these like sort of brain rot videos is that like sort of brain rot videos is that like sort of brain rot videos is that the expectations aren't high. It's the expectations aren't high. It's the expectations aren't high. It's almost like the jankiness is what sells almost like the jankiness is what sells almost like the jankiness is what sells it. I guess just a bummer that you have it. I guess just a bummer that you have it. I guess just a bummer that you have to actually pay to even generate one of to actually pay to even generate one of to actually pay to even generate one of them. I consume a lot of AI and tech them. I consume a lot of AI and tech them. I consume a lot of AI and tech content. So, if you asked me to remember content. So, if you asked me to remember content. So, if you asked me to remember every YouTube video I watched, article I every YouTube video I watched, article I every YouTube video I watched, article I read, or podcast I listened to from the read, or podcast I listened to from the read, or podcast I listened to from the past week, I'd probably panic. Recall is past week, I'd probably panic. Recall is past week, I'd probably panic. Recall is like having an AI powered memory. It like having an AI powered memory. It like having an AI powered memory. It helps you save, summarize, and connect helps you save, summarize, and connect helps you save, summarize, and connect everything you read, watch, or listen to everything you read, watch, or listen to everything you read, watch, or listen to so you can go back to it later. Here's so you can go back to it later. Here's so you can go back to it later. Here's how I use it. While I'm online, I use how I use it. While I'm online, I use how I use it. While I'm online, I use Recall's browser extension to summarize Recall's browser extension to summarize Recall's browser extension to summarize articles, YouTube videos, even 2-hour articles, YouTube videos, even 2-hour articles, YouTube videos, even 2-hour long podcasts. I just click one button long podcasts. I just click one button long podcasts. I just click one button and it gives me a smart summary I can and it gives me a smart summary I can and it gives me a smart summary I can edit and save. And the best part is that edit and save. And the best part is that edit and save. And the best part is that it automatically tags, organizes, and it automatically tags, organizes, and it automatically tags, organizes, and connects all of the content inside this connects all of the content inside this connects all of the content inside this knowledge base. Recall just rolled out a knowledge base. Recall just rolled out a knowledge base. Recall just rolled out a new feature where you can chat across new feature where you can chat across new feature where you can chat across everything you've ever saved. So instead everything you've ever saved. So instead everything you've ever saved. So instead of digging through all of my YouTube of digging through all of my YouTube of digging through all of my YouTube scripts, I can just ask Recall, "Go scripts, I can just ask Recall, "Go scripts, I can just ask Recall, "Go through all of the AI tools I've already through all of the AI tools I've already through all of the AI tools I've already tested in my videos, and give me a new tested in my videos, and give me a new tested in my videos, and give me a new image generation tool I haven't tried image generation tool I haven't tried image generation tool I haven't tried yet." Awesome. Can't wait to try this. yet." Awesome. Can't wait to try this. yet." Awesome. Can't wait to try this. Plus, I can import thousands of past Plus, I can import thousands of past Plus, I can import thousands of past notes, documents, bookmarks, even Tik notes, documents, bookmarks, even Tik notes, documents, bookmarks, even Tik Toks. And Recall makes it all Toks. And Recall makes it all Toks. And Recall makes it all searchable, connected, and ready to chat searchable, connected, and ready to chat searchable, connected, and ready to chat about. You can try it for yourself at about. You can try it for yourself at about. You can try it for yourself at getrecall.ai getrecall.ai getrecall.ai and get 30% off with the code and get 30% off with the code and get 30% off with the code Mattwolf30. The offer is valid through Mattwolf30. The offer is valid through Mattwolf30. The offer is valid through October 1st, 2025. So, definitely jump October 1st, 2025. So, definitely jump October 1st, 2025. So, definitely jump on it. Now, let's get back to the rest on it. Now, let's get back to the rest on it. Now, let's get back to the rest of the video. We got an update out of of the video. We got an update out of of the video. We got an update out of Notebook LM this week. We learned last Notebook LM this week. We learned last Notebook LM this week. We learned last week, or maybe even a couple weeks ago, week, or maybe even a couple weeks ago, week, or maybe even a couple weeks ago, that they were rolling out video that they were rolling out video that they were rolling out video overviews. Well, now everybody has overviews. Well, now everybody has overviews. Well, now everybody has access to video overviews, according to access to video overviews, according to access to video overviews, according to Josh Woodward here. If you're not Josh Woodward here. If you're not Josh Woodward here. If you're not familiar with Notebook LM, it's this familiar with Notebook LM, it's this familiar with Notebook LM, it's this tool where you can throw in a bunch of tool where you can throw in a bunch of tool where you can throw in a bunch of sources. They can be articles or sources. They can be articles or sources. They can be articles or websites or YouTube videos or things websites or YouTube videos or things websites or YouTube videos or things like that, and it will actually let you like that, and it will actually let you like that, and it will actually let you chat with those documents, create mind chat with those documents, create mind chat with those documents, create mind maps from those documents, create an maps from those documents, create an maps from those documents, create an audio podcast with two hosts speaking to audio podcast with two hosts speaking to audio podcast with two hosts speaking to each other, generate reports from those each other, generate reports from those each other, generate reports from those documents like FAQs, study guides, etc. documents like FAQs, study guides, etc. documents like FAQs, study guides, etc. And the newest feature is now a video And the newest feature is now a video And the newest feature is now a video overview. So, it will actually generate overview. So, it will actually generate overview. So, it will actually generate an explainer video based on all of the an explainer video based on all of the an explainer video based on all of the content that you've loaded in. A few content that you've loaded in. A few content that you've loaded in. A few weeks ago, I did a little fun test where weeks ago, I did a little fun test where weeks ago, I did a little fun test where I had it make some content for me, a I had it make some content for me, a I had it make some content for me, a little podcast around the birds aren't little podcast around the birds aren't little podcast around the birds aren't real movement, which is like this real movement, which is like this real movement, which is like this satirical conspiracy theory. Let's see satirical conspiracy theory. Let's see satirical conspiracy theory. Let's see if it can create a decent video overview if it can create a decent video overview if it can create a decent video overview on this topic. So, let's click video on this topic. So, let's click video on this topic. So, let's click video overview. And uh I have no idea how long overview. And uh I have no idea how long overview. And uh I have no idea how long this is going to take, but let's find this is going to take, but let's find this is going to take, but let's find out. Okay, so it took about 10 minutes out. Okay, so it took about 10 minutes out. Okay, so it took about 10 minutes to process this. Let's see what we got. to process this. Let's see what we got. to process this. Let's see what we got. 7 minutes and 27 seconds. The explainer, 7 minutes and 27 seconds. The explainer, 7 minutes and 27 seconds. The explainer, birds aren't real. Have you ever, you birds aren't real. Have you ever, you birds aren't real. Have you ever, you know, looked up at a pigeon and had a know, looked up at a pigeon and had a know, looked up at a pigeon and had a weird thought like, "Is that a weird thought like, "Is that a weird thought like, "Is that a government drone?" It sounds totally government drone?" It sounds totally government drone?" It sounds totally nuts, I know, but it's actually the main nuts, I know, but it's actually the main nuts, I know, but it's actually the main idea behind a movement that has idea behind a movement that has idea behind a movement that has absolutely taken over the internet. absolutely taken over the internet. absolutely taken over the internet. So, we've got a similar voice over to So, we've got a similar voice over to So, we've got a similar voice over to what you get with the Notebook LM like what you get with the Notebook LM like what you get with the Notebook LM like podcast voice, but now we actually have podcast voice, but now we actually have podcast voice, but now we actually have a video over it. And we can see as I a video over it. And we can see as I a video over it. And we can see as I sort of scrub through the video that it sort of scrub through the video that it sort of scrub through the video that it makes a pretty decent looking like makes a pretty decent looking like makes a pretty decent looking like slideshow style video. It looks really slideshow style video. It looks really slideshow style video. It looks really nice, honestly. And the whole thing has nice, honestly. And the whole thing has nice, honestly. And the whole thing has a voice over podcast over the top. It's a voice over podcast over the top. It's a voice over podcast over the top. It's got a nice looking timeline. got a nice looking timeline. got a nice looking timeline. Everything's pretty impressive. Now, Everything's pretty impressive. Now, Everything's pretty impressive. Now, this isn't actually using V3, Google's this isn't actually using V3, Google's this isn't actually using V3, Google's video model. I believe this is using video model. I believe this is using video model. I believe this is using Google Vids, which is their AI model Google Vids, which is their AI model Google Vids, which is their AI model that generates like slideshow looking that generates like slideshow looking that generates like slideshow looking presentations. But pretty impressive presentations. But pretty impressive presentations. But pretty impressive that we can give it some information on that we can give it some information on that we can give it some information on any topic we want. it will go and create any topic we want. it will go and create any topic we want. it will go and create like an audio podcast and then create an like an audio podcast and then create an like an audio podcast and then create an actual slide presentation that looks actual slide presentation that looks actual slide presentation that looks really really good to go along with that really really good to go along with that really really good to go along with that podcast audio. I wouldn't be surprised podcast audio. I wouldn't be surprised podcast audio. I wouldn't be surprised if pretty soon we're seeing like full-on if pretty soon we're seeing like full-on if pretty soon we're seeing like full-on YouTube channels just crank out content YouTube channels just crank out content YouTube channels just crank out content like this. Plug in a bunch of like this. Plug in a bunch of like this. Plug in a bunch of information into Notebook LM, let it information into Notebook LM, let it information into Notebook LM, let it spit out a video, hit publish. You're spit out a video, hit publish. You're spit out a video, hit publish. You're probably going to start seeing that probably going to start seeing that probably going to start seeing that quite a bit honestly cuz it really quite a bit honestly cuz it really quite a bit honestly cuz it really doesn't look bad. Since we're talking doesn't look bad. Since we're talking doesn't look bad. Since we're talking about Google, they rolled out a few new about Google, they rolled out a few new about Google, they rolled out a few new updates this week over on the Google updates this week over on the Google updates this week over on the Google website, including a new AI powered website, including a new AI powered website, including a new AI powered Google Finance. So, you can research Google Finance. So, you can research Google Finance. So, you can research your finance questions with AI. You have your finance questions with AI. You have your finance questions with AI. You have advanced charting tools and real-time advanced charting tools and real-time advanced charting tools and real-time data and news. So, if we head on over to data and news. So, if we head on over to data and news. So, if we head on over to google.com/finance, google.com/finance, google.com/finance, I don't believe the AI version of the I don't believe the AI version of the I don't believe the AI version of the site is fully rolled out yet. If we look site is fully rolled out yet. If we look site is fully rolled out yet. If we look at the article here, it does say over at the article here, it does say over at the article here, it does say over the coming weeks in the US, you'll begin the coming weeks in the US, you'll begin the coming weeks in the US, you'll begin to see the new experience with the to see the new experience with the to see the new experience with the option to toggle between the new and option to toggle between the new and option to toggle between the new and classic design. And I'm not seeing those classic design. And I'm not seeing those classic design. And I'm not seeing those options, but supposedly you can ask options, but supposedly you can ask options, but supposedly you can ask detailed questions about the financial detailed questions about the financial detailed questions about the financial world and get a comprehensive AI world and get a comprehensive AI world and get a comprehensive AI response. I was hoping I'd be able to response. I was hoping I'd be able to response. I was hoping I'd be able to demo it for you, but it doesn't appear demo it for you, but it doesn't appear demo it for you, but it doesn't appear to be rolled out on my end yet. Google's to be rolled out on my end yet. Google's to be rolled out on my end yet. Google's also rolling out an AI update to its also rolling out an AI update to its also rolling out an AI update to its flight deals. Rolling out this week in flight deals. Rolling out this week in flight deals. Rolling out this week in the US, Canada, and India, the flight the US, Canada, and India, the flight the US, Canada, and India, the flight deals tool surfaces relevant, affordable deals tool surfaces relevant, affordable deals tool surfaces relevant, affordable flight options from multiple airlines flight options from multiple airlines flight options from multiple airlines and booking sites. So, if we head to and booking sites. So, if we head to and booking sites. So, if we head to google.com/travel/flights/dealss and then let's click on go to Google and then let's click on go to Google and then let's click on go to Google flights, I don't feel like this is the flights, I don't feel like this is the flights, I don't feel like this is the AI experience yet either. So, supposedly AI experience yet either. So, supposedly AI experience yet either. So, supposedly you'll be able to describe travel ideas you'll be able to describe travel ideas you'll be able to describe travel ideas in natural language and flight deals in natural language and flight deals in natural language and flight deals will surface affordable flight options will surface affordable flight options will surface affordable flight options to match your ideas. This article here to match your ideas. This article here to match your ideas. This article here does say the search feature will be does say the search feature will be does say the search feature will be rolled out in beta over the next week rolled out in beta over the next week rolled out in beta over the next week across the US, Canada, and India. So, as across the US, Canada, and India. So, as across the US, Canada, and India. So, as of this recording, it doesn't appear to of this recording, it doesn't appear to of this recording, it doesn't appear to be rolled out yet either, but those are be rolled out yet either, but those are be rolled out yet either, but those are two new features that should be in two new features that should be in two new features that should be in Google possibly by the time you're Google possibly by the time you're Google possibly by the time you're seeing this video. Another feature we seeing this video. Another feature we seeing this video. Another feature we got out of Google this week is inside of got out of Google this week is inside of got out of Google this week is inside of Gemini, they've rolled out actually a Gemini, they've rolled out actually a Gemini, they've rolled out actually a couple new features. One of them being couple new features. One of them being couple new features. One of them being temporary chats. This is sort of like an temporary chats. This is sort of like an temporary chats. This is sort of like an incognito mode for your chats. any chats incognito mode for your chats. any chats incognito mode for your chats. any chats that you have in temporary chat, it that you have in temporary chat, it that you have in temporary chat, it won't save them to your history. But it won't save them to your history. But it won't save them to your history. But it also now understands your chat history. also now understands your chat history. also now understands your chat history. So, anything that doesn't use the So, anything that doesn't use the So, anything that doesn't use the temporary chat, you should actually be temporary chat, you should actually be temporary chat, you should actually be able to recall in your current able to recall in your current able to recall in your current conversations. Today, we're introducing conversations. Today, we're introducing conversations. Today, we're introducing a new setting that allows Gemini to a new setting that allows Gemini to a new setting that allows Gemini to learn from your past conversations over learn from your past conversations over learn from your past conversations over time. When the setting is on, Gemini time. When the setting is on, Gemini time. When the setting is on, Gemini remembers key details and preferences remembers key details and preferences remembers key details and preferences you've shared, leading to more natural you've shared, leading to more natural you've shared, leading to more natural and relevant conversations. This is and relevant conversations. This is and relevant conversations. This is something we've had in chat GPT for a something we've had in chat GPT for a something we've had in chat GPT for a while that I found to be very, very while that I found to be very, very while that I found to be very, very helpful and beneficial, but now we're helpful and beneficial, but now we're helpful and beneficial, but now we're getting it in Gemini. But not only are getting it in Gemini. But not only are getting it in Gemini. But not only are we getting it in Gemini, Enthropic we getting it in Gemini, Enthropic we getting it in Gemini, Enthropic rolled out that same feature this week rolled out that same feature this week rolled out that same feature this week as well. Enthropic's cla chatbot can now as well. Enthropic's cla chatbot can now as well. Enthropic's cla chatbot can now remember your past conversations, but remember your past conversations, but remember your past conversations, but it'll only do so if you ask it to. So, it'll only do so if you ask it to. So, it'll only do so if you ask it to. So, this one doesn't just automatically use this one doesn't just automatically use this one doesn't just automatically use it for context with every new chat. You it for context with every new chat. You it for context with every new chat. You have to specifically tell it to look at have to specifically tell it to look at have to specifically tell it to look at your old chats. So, let's try this out your old chats. So, let's try this out your old chats. So, let's try this out real quick. I usually use the Gemini real quick. I usually use the Gemini real quick. I usually use the Gemini models over inside of AI Studio, which I models over inside of AI Studio, which I models over inside of AI Studio, which I don't think has this feature yet, but I don't think has this feature yet, but I don't think has this feature yet, but I do have some past chats in here that it do have some past chats in here that it do have some past chats in here that it can pull from. So, let's go ahead and can pull from. So, let's go ahead and can pull from. So, let's go ahead and see how it works. see how it works. see how it works. A few moments later. A few moments later. A few moments later. And well, it appears that this feature And well, it appears that this feature And well, it appears that this feature isn't rolled out yet either. Knowing isn't rolled out yet either. Knowing isn't rolled out yet either. Knowing what you know about me, what advice what you know about me, what advice what you know about me, what advice would you give me right now? I wanted to would you give me right now? I wanted to would you give me right now? I wanted to see if it would actually pull up past see if it would actually pull up past see if it would actually pull up past history, and it says, "I don't have any history, and it says, "I don't have any history, and it says, "I don't have any personal memories or access to our past personal memories or access to our past personal memories or access to our past conversations." So, not rolled out yet. conversations." So, not rolled out yet. conversations." So, not rolled out yet. When I look at Google's article here, When I look at Google's article here, When I look at Google's article here, once again, we're rolling out this once again, we're rolling out this once again, we're rolling out this feature over the coming weeks, starting feature over the coming weeks, starting feature over the coming weeks, starting today, and apparently it hasn't rolled today, and apparently it hasn't rolled today, and apparently it hasn't rolled out. This seems to be a pretty common out. This seems to be a pretty common out. This seems to be a pretty common theme with a lot of the Google stuff. theme with a lot of the Google stuff. theme with a lot of the Google stuff. Here's a cool feature that you're going Here's a cool feature that you're going Here's a cool feature that you're going to have, but you don't have it yet. to have, but you don't have it yet. to have, but you don't have it yet. Here's another cool feature you're going Here's another cool feature you're going Here's another cool feature you're going to have soon. We promise, but not yet. to have soon. We promise, but not yet. to have soon. We promise, but not yet. Here's a feature that you're going to Here's a feature that you're going to Here's a feature that you're going to really, really like when we eventually really, really like when we eventually really, really like when we eventually give it to you, right? The last three give it to you, right? The last three give it to you, right? The last three things I tested, except for Notebook LM, things I tested, except for Notebook LM, things I tested, except for Notebook LM, that one's working now. But let's go that one's working now. But let's go that one's working now. But let's go ahead and try it with Claude. I do ahead and try it with Claude. I do ahead and try it with Claude. I do believe Claude actually has rolled this believe Claude actually has rolled this believe Claude actually has rolled this out. They didn't just announce that out. They didn't just announce that out. They didn't just announce that they're going to roll it out and then they're going to roll it out and then they're going to roll it out and then not actually roll it out yet. They not actually roll it out yet. They not actually roll it out yet. They actually said it's a feature that you actually said it's a feature that you actually said it's a feature that you can have and here have it. In fact, when can have and here have it. In fact, when can have and here have it. In fact, when I go to claude.ai, I get this little I go to claude.ai, I get this little I go to claude.ai, I get this little modal here that says, "Claude never modal here that says, "Claude never modal here that says, "Claude never loses the thread. Now Claude can loses the thread. Now Claude can loses the thread. Now Claude can reference past chats for relevant reference past chats for relevant reference past chats for relevant context." So, we know that this is context." So, we know that this is context." So, we know that this is working. And uh let's see. It says, "Hi, working. And uh let's see. It says, "Hi, working. And uh let's see. It says, "Hi, Claude. What were some highlights from Claude. What were some highlights from Claude. What were some highlights from our recent conversations?" It our recent conversations?" It our recent conversations?" It automatically plugged in this prompt for automatically plugged in this prompt for automatically plugged in this prompt for me just so I can test it. And we can see me just so I can test it. And we can see me just so I can test it. And we can see it is pulling in past chats. And yeah, it is pulling in past chats. And yeah, it is pulling in past chats. And yeah, it actually did a pretty good job. We it actually did a pretty good job. We it actually did a pretty good job. We worked on a browser Bellatro clone. I worked on a browser Bellatro clone. I worked on a browser Bellatro clone. I did that in a previous video. Library did that in a previous video. Library did that in a previous video. Library Survivors game. We did that in a Survivors game. We did that in a Survivors game. We did that in a previous video. No equipment daily previous video. No equipment daily previous video. No equipment daily fitness app. Yep, that was another one fitness app. Yep, that was another one fitness app. Yep, that was another one we did in a different video. Some other we did in a different video. Some other we did in a different video. Some other things I've had some conversations things I've had some conversations things I've had some conversations about. So, it is pulling in past about. So, it is pulling in past about. So, it is pulling in past conversations. One thing I do like to conversations. One thing I do like to conversations. One thing I do like to ask chat GPT and now we can ask Claude ask chat GPT and now we can ask Claude ask chat GPT and now we can ask Claude and eventually ask Gemini was the one and eventually ask Gemini was the one and eventually ask Gemini was the one you saw me just attempt to ask Gemini, you saw me just attempt to ask Gemini, you saw me just attempt to ask Gemini, which is knowing what you know about me, which is knowing what you know about me, which is knowing what you know about me, what advice would you give me right now? what advice would you give me right now? what advice would you give me right now? And because it said you do have to tell And because it said you do have to tell And because it said you do have to tell it to use previous chats, let's just go it to use previous chats, let's just go it to use previous chats, let's just go ahead and remind it to use previous ahead and remind it to use previous ahead and remind it to use previous chats. So I'll just update this prompt chats. So I'll just update this prompt chats. So I'll just update this prompt to knowing what you know about me from to knowing what you know about me from to knowing what you know about me from previous chats. What advice would you previous chats. What advice would you previous chats. What advice would you give me right now? and it actually gave give me right now? and it actually gave give me right now? and it actually gave some really personal, really tailored some really personal, really tailored some really personal, really tailored feedback to conversations I've had. So feedback to conversations I've had. So feedback to conversations I've had. So yeah, it's working perfectly in Claude yeah, it's working perfectly in Claude yeah, it's working perfectly in Claude now. So if you like that feature in chat now. So if you like that feature in chat now. So if you like that feature in chat GPT, but maybe prefer the style of GPT, but maybe prefer the style of GPT, but maybe prefer the style of conversation you get out of Claude, this conversation you get out of Claude, this conversation you get out of Claude, this update might be for you. So check that update might be for you. So check that update might be for you. So check that out. And that was the last thing that I out. And that was the last thing that I out. And that was the last thing that I had available to actually demo, even had available to actually demo, even had available to actually demo, even though about three of the demos I wanted though about three of the demos I wanted though about three of the demos I wanted to show off cuz I thought we had access to show off cuz I thought we had access to show off cuz I thought we had access to them haven't fully rolled out yet. to them haven't fully rolled out yet. to them haven't fully rolled out yet. But this was the last demo that I knew But this was the last demo that I knew But this was the last demo that I knew we can show. But there's more news this we can show. But there's more news this we can show. But there's more news this week, including some fun drama. In my opinion, there is no greater In my opinion, there is no greater In my opinion, there is no greater reality show than watching billionaires reality show than watching billionaires reality show than watching billionaires duke it out and fight on social media. duke it out and fight on social media. duke it out and fight on social media. And that's some of the drama we got this And that's some of the drama we got this And that's some of the drama we got this week. Elon Musk this week went and week. Elon Musk this week went and week. Elon Musk this week went and called out Apple saying Apple is called out Apple saying Apple is called out Apple saying Apple is behaving in a manner that makes it behaving in a manner that makes it behaving in a manner that makes it impossible for any AI company besides impossible for any AI company besides impossible for any AI company besides OpenAI to reach number one in the app OpenAI to reach number one in the app OpenAI to reach number one in the app store which is an unequivocal antirust store which is an unequivocal antirust store which is an unequivocal antirust violation. Say I will take immediate violation. Say I will take immediate violation. Say I will take immediate legal action claiming obviously that legal action claiming obviously that legal action claiming obviously that OpenAI is more visible in the app store. OpenAI is more visible in the app store. OpenAI is more visible in the app store. Sam Alman then retweeted Elon and said, Sam Alman then retweeted Elon and said, Sam Alman then retweeted Elon and said, "This is a remarkable claim given what I "This is a remarkable claim given what I "This is a remarkable claim given what I have heard alleged that Elon does to have heard alleged that Elon does to have heard alleged that Elon does to manipulate X to benefit himself and his manipulate X to benefit himself and his manipulate X to benefit himself and his own companies and harm his competitors own companies and harm his competitors own companies and harm his competitors and people he doesn't like." Elon and people he doesn't like." Elon and people he doesn't like." Elon clapped back on that same post. "You got clapped back on that same post. "You got clapped back on that same post. "You got 3 million views on your post, you liar. 3 million views on your post, you liar. 3 million views on your post, you liar. far more than I've received on many of far more than I've received on many of far more than I've received on many of mine despite me having 50 times your mine despite me having 50 times your mine despite me having 50 times your follower count. Said Sam Alman, will you follower count. Said Sam Alman, will you follower count. Said Sam Alman, will you sign an affidavit that you have never sign an affidavit that you have never sign an affidavit that you have never directed changes to the X algorithm in a directed changes to the X algorithm in a directed changes to the X algorithm in a way that has hurt your competitors or way that has hurt your competitors or way that has hurt your competitors or helped your own companies? I will helped your own companies? I will helped your own companies? I will apologize if so. And then even Grock, apologize if so. And then even Grock, apologize if so. And then even Grock, somebody asked Grock, based on verified somebody asked Grock, based on verified somebody asked Grock, based on verified evidence, Sam Alman is right. So just, evidence, Sam Alman is right. So just, evidence, Sam Alman is right. So just, you know, a fun beef to watch play out you know, a fun beef to watch play out you know, a fun beef to watch play out in public. Why these guys decide to do in public. Why these guys decide to do in public. Why these guys decide to do this in public, I don't know, but I'm this in public, I don't know, but I'm this in public, I don't know, but I'm enjoying following along. In other Elon enjoying following along. In other Elon enjoying following along. In other Elon related drama, one of the co-founders of related drama, one of the co-founders of related drama, one of the co-founders of XAI is actually leaving X. Igor XAI is actually leaving X. Igor XAI is actually leaving X. Igor Babushkin, one of the co-founders of Babushkin, one of the co-founders of Babushkin, one of the co-founders of XAI, announced his departure from the XAI, announced his departure from the XAI, announced his departure from the company on Wednesday. He led the company on Wednesday. He led the company on Wednesday. He led the engineering teams and helped build the engineering teams and helped build the engineering teams and helped build the startup into one of Silicon Valley's startup into one of Silicon Valley's startup into one of Silicon Valley's leading AI model developers. Now, it leading AI model developers. Now, it leading AI model developers. Now, it doesn't seem like him leaving is over doesn't seem like him leaving is over doesn't seem like him leaving is over any sort of drama or there's any bad any sort of drama or there's any bad any sort of drama or there's any bad blood here cuz Elon even replied to his blood here cuz Elon even replied to his blood here cuz Elon even replied to his tweet saying, "Thanks for helping build tweet saying, "Thanks for helping build tweet saying, "Thanks for helping build XAI. We wouldn't be here without you." XAI. We wouldn't be here without you." XAI. We wouldn't be here without you." And it looks like he's moving into like And it looks like he's moving into like And it looks like he's moving into like venture capital. He's founding Babushkin venture capital. He's founding Babushkin venture capital. He's founding Babushkin Ventures. But just interesting timing of Ventures. But just interesting timing of Ventures. But just interesting timing of it all. Chat GPT5 comes out. Elon and it all. Chat GPT5 comes out. Elon and it all. Chat GPT5 comes out. Elon and Sam Alman start beefing. And then all in Sam Alman start beefing. And then all in Sam Alman start beefing. And then all in the same week, one of the co-founders of the same week, one of the co-founders of the same week, one of the co-founders of XAI leaves. Just a lot of drama to pay XAI leaves. Just a lot of drama to pay XAI leaves. Just a lot of drama to pay attention to. And finally, in the last attention to. And finally, in the last attention to. And finally, in the last bit of drama this week, remember how a bit of drama this week, remember how a bit of drama this week, remember how a few weeks ago we were talking about how few weeks ago we were talking about how few weeks ago we were talking about how Meta was poaching a whole bunch of Meta was poaching a whole bunch of Meta was poaching a whole bunch of people from all over the place, grabbing people from all over the place, grabbing people from all over the place, grabbing people from OpenAI and from Google and people from OpenAI and from Google and people from OpenAI and from Google and and they basically acquired Scale and and they basically acquired Scale and and they basically acquired Scale and they're building this super intelligence they're building this super intelligence they're building this super intelligence team. Well, now Microsoft is doing the team. Well, now Microsoft is doing the team. Well, now Microsoft is doing the same thing to Meta. Microsoft is trying same thing to Meta. Microsoft is trying same thing to Meta. Microsoft is trying to poach Meta AI talent and offering to poach Meta AI talent and offering to poach Meta AI talent and offering multi-million dollar pay packages. And multi-million dollar pay packages. And multi-million dollar pay packages. And the funny thing is Meta and Microsoft the funny thing is Meta and Microsoft the funny thing is Meta and Microsoft actually work pretty closely together. actually work pretty closely together. actually work pretty closely together. But yeah, Microsoft is out there trying But yeah, Microsoft is out there trying But yeah, Microsoft is out there trying to offer like eight and nine figure to offer like eight and nine figure to offer like eight and nine figure deals for talent at Meta, trying to get deals for talent at Meta, trying to get deals for talent at Meta, trying to get them to come over to Microsoft. Again, them to come over to Microsoft. Again, them to come over to Microsoft. Again, Silicon Valley billionaires fighting it Silicon Valley billionaires fighting it Silicon Valley billionaires fighting it out is like the most fun drama for me. I out is like the most fun drama for me. I out is like the most fun drama for me. I don't watch much reality TV. This is my don't watch much reality TV. This is my don't watch much reality TV. This is my reality TV. All right. Now, there was reality TV. All right. Now, there was reality TV. All right. Now, there was quite a few other things that happened quite a few other things that happened quite a few other things that happened this week that kind of flew under the this week that kind of flew under the this week that kind of flew under the radar, and I want to make sure you're radar, and I want to make sure you're radar, and I want to make sure you're fully looped in. So, let's jump into a fully looped in. So, let's jump into a fully looped in. So, let's jump into a rapid fire section. rapid fire section. rapid fire section. Pew. Pew. Pew. Let's start with the latest large Let's start with the latest large Let's start with the latest large language models that came out this week. language models that came out this week. language models that came out this week. We've got a few of them. Google released We've got a few of them. Google released We've got a few of them. Google released Gemma 3 270 million M. So, it's a 270 Gemma 3 270 million M. So, it's a 270 Gemma 3 270 million M. So, it's a 270 million parameter model. We're used to million parameter model. We're used to million parameter model. We're used to seeing a B here. It's not a 270 billion. seeing a B here. It's not a 270 billion. seeing a B here. It's not a 270 billion. It's 270 million this time. So, this is It's 270 million this time. So, this is It's 270 million this time. So, this is a small model that's designed to be a small model that's designed to be a small model that's designed to be efficient and fast and even fit on small efficient and fast and even fit on small efficient and fast and even fit on small phones. This isn't designed to be like a phones. This isn't designed to be like a phones. This isn't designed to be like a GPT5 or Claude 4.1 mega model GPT5 or Claude 4.1 mega model GPT5 or Claude 4.1 mega model competitor. It's meant to be fast and competitor. It's meant to be fast and competitor. It's meant to be fast and efficient and run locally on whatever efficient and run locally on whatever efficient and run locally on whatever device you're using. Mistral AI released device you're using. Mistral AI released device you're using. Mistral AI released a new model this week. They released a new model this week. They released a new model this week. They released Mistral Medium 3.1. You can use it over Mistral Medium 3.1. You can use it over Mistral Medium 3.1. You can use it over on their Lech website and seems to be on their Lech website and seems to be on their Lech website and seems to be fairly marginal improvements. You can fairly marginal improvements. You can fairly marginal improvements. You can take a peek at their little chart here take a peek at their little chart here take a peek at their little chart here of benchmarks and it appears to be just of benchmarks and it appears to be just of benchmarks and it appears to be just a better model than their sort of a better model than their sort of a better model than their sort of previous generation of models. Some of previous generation of models. Some of previous generation of models. Some of the Quinn models from Alibaba got some the Quinn models from Alibaba got some the Quinn models from Alibaba got some updates this week. QuinnB Quinn 3B A3B updates this week. QuinnB Quinn 3B A3B updates this week. QuinnB Quinn 3B A3B 257 and Quinn 3235B 257 and Quinn 3235B 257 and Quinn 3235B A22B 257. A22B 257. A22B 257. Okay, Okay, Okay, both got ultra long context windows up both got ultra long context windows up both got ultra long context windows up to 1 million tokens and they're going to to 1 million tokens and they're going to to 1 million tokens and they're going to need them just to be able to name off need them just to be able to name off need them just to be able to name off what their model is called. But if these what their model is called. But if these what their model is called. But if these Quinn models are models that are Quinn models are models that are Quinn models are models that are normally in your large language arsenal, normally in your large language arsenal, normally in your large language arsenal, well, they have a much longer context well, they have a much longer context well, they have a much longer context window. Now, this is starting to become window. Now, this is starting to become window. Now, this is starting to become much more normal where these models have much more normal where these models have much more normal where these models have these huge context windows. And I think these huge context windows. And I think these huge context windows. And I think pretty soon we're going to get to a pretty soon we're going to get to a pretty soon we're going to get to a point where context windows aren't even point where context windows aren't even point where context windows aren't even important because they're all just going important because they're all just going important because they're all just going to be so big that it doesn't matter how to be so big that it doesn't matter how to be so big that it doesn't matter how much text you feed into a model when much text you feed into a model when much text you feed into a model when you're chatting with it. And while we're you're chatting with it. And while we're you're chatting with it. And while we're on the topic of large language model on the topic of large language model on the topic of large language model news after the big GPT5 launch and a ton news after the big GPT5 launch and a ton news after the big GPT5 launch and a ton of fallout around the fact that they of fallout around the fact that they of fallout around the fact that they took away the 40 model, ChatGpt put 40 took away the 40 model, ChatGpt put 40 took away the 40 model, ChatGpt put 40 back into chat GPT. So, if that was your back into chat GPT. So, if that was your back into chat GPT. So, if that was your favorite model and you like it better favorite model and you like it better favorite model and you like it better than GPT5, you can go back and use 40 than GPT5, you can go back and use 40 than GPT5, you can go back and use 40 again. I did a whole video breaking down again. I did a whole video breaking down again. I did a whole video breaking down the drama and the fallout of GPT5. So, the drama and the fallout of GPT5. So, the drama and the fallout of GPT5. So, make sure you check that video out if make sure you check that video out if make sure you check that video out if you want to learn about all of the stuff you want to learn about all of the stuff you want to learn about all of the stuff that people hate about chat GPT5. And in that people hate about chat GPT5. And in that people hate about chat GPT5. And in response to GPT5 coming out this week, response to GPT5 coming out this week, response to GPT5 coming out this week, XAI made Gro 4 free for everybody XAI made Gro 4 free for everybody XAI made Gro 4 free for everybody worldwide. Previous to this, Grock 4 was worldwide. Previous to this, Grock 4 was worldwide. Previous to this, Grock 4 was only available on one of their paid only available on one of their paid only available on one of their paid plans, and you can use the older Grock plans, and you can use the older Grock plans, and you can use the older Grock models for free, but now Gro 4 is models for free, but now Gro 4 is models for free, but now Gro 4 is available to everybody, which honestly available to everybody, which honestly available to everybody, which honestly feels like a move that was a response to feels like a move that was a response to feels like a move that was a response to GPT5 being available in the free GPT5 being available in the free GPT5 being available in the free version. Also, in some anthropic Claude version. Also, in some anthropic Claude version. Also, in some anthropic Claude news, Sonnet 4 now also supports a news, Sonnet 4 now also supports a news, Sonnet 4 now also supports a million tokens of context, but I believe million tokens of context, but I believe million tokens of context, but I believe it's only in the API, and I believe it's it's only in the API, and I believe it's it's only in the API, and I believe it's only on Sonnet. So, their new Claude only on Sonnet. So, their new Claude only on Sonnet. So, their new Claude Opus 4.1, which I found to be the best Opus 4.1, which I found to be the best Opus 4.1, which I found to be the best available coding model out there, I available coding model out there, I available coding model out there, I don't think has the million token don't think has the million token don't think has the million token context window yet. It says Claude context window yet. It says Claude context window yet. It says Claude Sonnet 4 now supports up to 1 million Sonnet 4 now supports up to 1 million Sonnet 4 now supports up to 1 million tokens of context in the anthropic API. tokens of context in the anthropic API. tokens of context in the anthropic API. So, even if you go to claude.ai, their So, even if you go to claude.ai, their So, even if you go to claude.ai, their chatbot that's available on their chatbot that's available on their chatbot that's available on their website, it doesn't sound like you're website, it doesn't sound like you're website, it doesn't sound like you're going to get a million token context to going to get a million token context to going to get a million token context to be able to just dump almost unlimited be able to just dump almost unlimited be able to just dump almost unlimited information into it. It's only through information into it. It's only through information into it. It's only through the API. So, if you're using an app like the API. So, if you're using an app like the API. So, if you're using an app like a cursor or a wind surf or you're a cursor or a wind surf or you're a cursor or a wind surf or you're building your own product that uses building your own product that uses building your own product that uses claude under the hood, you get access to claude under the hood, you get access to claude under the hood, you get access to this million token context window. And this million token context window. And this million token context window. And for those that are interested, the for those that are interested, the for those that are interested, the pricing does go up when you need more pricing does go up when you need more pricing does go up when you need more than 200,000 tokens of context window. than 200,000 tokens of context window. than 200,000 tokens of context window. So, just something to keep in mind if So, just something to keep in mind if So, just something to keep in mind if you are developing on top of this. Last you are developing on top of this. Last you are developing on top of this. Last week, we saw Genie 3, which allowed you week, we saw Genie 3, which allowed you week, we saw Genie 3, which allowed you to give it an image or a video and then to give it an image or a video and then to give it an image or a video and then you can actually enter that world and you can actually enter that world and you can actually enter that world and like navigate the world with your arrow like navigate the world with your arrow like navigate the world with your arrow keys. and it looked really, really cool, keys. and it looked really, really cool, keys. and it looked really, really cool, but we didn't get access to it yet. but we didn't get access to it yet. but we didn't get access to it yet. Well, this week, this Skywork AI Well, this week, this Skywork AI Well, this week, this Skywork AI released Matrix Game 2.0, which seems to released Matrix Game 2.0, which seems to released Matrix Game 2.0, which seems to be the opensource version of what Genie be the opensource version of what Genie be the opensource version of what Genie showed off last week, and it's available showed off last week, and it's available showed off last week, and it's available right now. If we take a peek at their right now. If we take a peek at their right now. If we take a peek at their demo page here, we can check out a few demo page here, we can check out a few demo page here, we can check out a few of the types of scenes that it of the types of scenes that it of the types of scenes that it generated. Now, it's not in the highest generated. Now, it's not in the highest generated. Now, it's not in the highest quality, but you can see they have this quality, but you can see they have this quality, but you can see they have this world that they can move around, and I world that they can move around, and I world that they can move around, and I believe it just started from a single believe it just started from a single believe it just started from a single input image. Here's another example input image. Here's another example input image. Here's another example where they're just moving around in this where they're just moving around in this where they're just moving around in this world using the WD keys. They're able to world using the WD keys. They're able to world using the WD keys. They're able to do it across GTA scenes. Long video do it across GTA scenes. Long video do it across GTA scenes. Long video generation. Let's see what these look generation. Let's see what these look generation. Let's see what these look like. This one's a 59 second video like. This one's a 59 second video like. This one's a 59 second video generation here where they're just generation here where they're just generation here where they're just moving around this park scene. And this moving around this park scene. And this moving around this park scene. And this is all openly available. My buddy Balavo is all openly available. My buddy Balavo is all openly available. My buddy Balavo here, I feel like he explains what's here, I feel like he explains what's here, I feel like he explains what's going on pretty decently. Matrix 3D does going on pretty decently. Matrix 3D does going on pretty decently. Matrix 3D does a smart thing. It generates a full 360 a smart thing. It generates a full 360 a smart thing. It generates a full 360 panorama first, then extends temporarily panorama first, then extends temporarily panorama first, then extends temporarily with camera control, then lifts it to with camera control, then lifts it to with camera control, then lifts it to 3D. So, you give it an image like this, 3D. So, you give it an image like this, 3D. So, you give it an image like this, and then it uses a model to figure out and then it uses a model to figure out and then it uses a model to figure out and sort of guess what the rest of that and sort of guess what the rest of that and sort of guess what the rest of that image would look like in 360. And then image would look like in 360. And then image would look like in 360. And then that helps create the consistency so that helps create the consistency so that helps create the consistency so that when you do look around, it stays that when you do look around, it stays that when you do look around, it stays consistent every time you look around. consistent every time you look around. consistent every time you look around. The full scene in 360 is always going to The full scene in 360 is always going to The full scene in 360 is always going to look the same. Older versions of this look the same. Older versions of this look the same. Older versions of this type of technology, you would look in type of technology, you would look in type of technology, you would look in one direction, you'd turn around, and one direction, you'd turn around, and one direction, you'd turn around, and then if you looked back in the original then if you looked back in the original then if you looked back in the original direction, it would be a different scene direction, it would be a different scene direction, it would be a different scene than original. Now, it stays consistent. than original. Now, it stays consistent. than original. Now, it stays consistent. And a lot of that is because it seems to And a lot of that is because it seems to And a lot of that is because it seems to like outpaint a panoramic version. like outpaint a panoramic version. like outpaint a panoramic version. That's my understanding. I could be That's my understanding. I could be That's my understanding. I could be stating some of this wrong, but it's stating some of this wrong, but it's stating some of this wrong, but it's really, really interesting. And this really, really interesting. And this really, really interesting. And this would be something I would demo on this would be something I would demo on this would be something I would demo on this video, but I'm not because it requires a video, but I'm not because it requires a video, but I'm not because it requires a lot of compute power right now. So the lot of compute power right now. So the lot of compute power right now. So the model and the model weights are model and the model weights are model and the model weights are available on Hugging Face and over on available on Hugging Face and over on available on Hugging Face and over on GitHub here. So you can actually GitHub here. So you can actually GitHub here. So you can actually download this and run them locally on download this and run them locally on download this and run them locally on your computer. However, if we look at your computer. However, if we look at your computer. However, if we look at the requirements, it requires an Nvidia the requirements, it requires an Nvidia the requirements, it requires an Nvidia GPU with at least 24 GB of memory. I'm GPU with at least 24 GB of memory. I'm GPU with at least 24 GB of memory. I'm currently on a Mac that has 512 GB of currently on a Mac that has 512 GB of currently on a Mac that has 512 GB of memory, but it doesn't have an Nvidia memory, but it doesn't have an Nvidia memory, but it doesn't have an Nvidia GPU in it. They also tested it on Linux GPU in it. They also tested it on Linux GPU in it. They also tested it on Linux with 64 GB of RAM. So, it requires a with 64 GB of RAM. So, it requires a with 64 GB of RAM. So, it requires a little bit more than what most consumers little bit more than what most consumers little bit more than what most consumers are going to have in a computer right are going to have in a computer right are going to have in a computer right now and therefore I didn't really feel now and therefore I didn't really feel now and therefore I didn't really feel like it was worth trying to demo on a like it was worth trying to demo on a like it was worth trying to demo on a separate PC because most people aren't separate PC because most people aren't separate PC because most people aren't going to have the required compute to do going to have the required compute to do going to have the required compute to do it. Hopefully, we get some cloud it. Hopefully, we get some cloud it. Hopefully, we get some cloud versions and people set this up on versions and people set this up on versions and people set this up on various like GPU clouds like hugging various like GPU clouds like hugging various like GPU clouds like hugging face or whatever so that we can test it, face or whatever so that we can test it, face or whatever so that we can test it, but I haven't come across any that work but I haven't come across any that work but I haven't come across any that work yet. If you're a fan of MidJourney, it yet. If you're a fan of MidJourney, it yet. If you're a fan of MidJourney, it got a little bit of an update this week. got a little bit of an update this week. got a little bit of an update this week. We previously talked about how you can We previously talked about how you can We previously talked about how you can do HD videos with MidJourney, but only do HD videos with MidJourney, but only do HD videos with MidJourney, but only on the higher tier plans. Well, now you on the higher tier plans. Well, now you on the higher tier plans. Well, now you can actually do HD video generation on can actually do HD video generation on can actually do HD video generation on standard subscriptions. So, the standard subscriptions. So, the standard subscriptions. So, the lower-end plans, you can now generate lower-end plans, you can now generate lower-end plans, you can now generate the HD videos. You can do smaller batch the HD videos. You can do smaller batch the HD videos. You can do smaller batch video jobs. now only one or two videos video jobs. now only one or two videos video jobs. now only one or two videos at a time. They separated out mood at a time. They separated out mood at a time. They separated out mood boards onto its own page. And they've boards onto its own page. And they've boards onto its own page. And they've changed the thumbnails on video jobs and changed the thumbnails on video jobs and changed the thumbnails on video jobs and improved the video moderation a little improved the video moderation a little improved the video moderation a little bit. So, some quality of life updates, bit. So, some quality of life updates, bit. So, some quality of life updates, plus more people having access to this plus more people having access to this plus more people having access to this HD video generation feature. The company HD video generation feature. The company HD video generation feature. The company Pika Labs teased a new update this week Pika Labs teased a new update this week Pika Labs teased a new update this week called their audiodriven performance called their audiodriven performance called their audiodriven performance model that actually does pretty decent model that actually does pretty decent model that actually does pretty decent lip-syncing, and it can do it in 6 lip-syncing, and it can do it in 6 lip-syncing, and it can do it in 6 seconds or less in HD, which is wild. It seconds or less in HD, which is wild. It seconds or less in HD, which is wild. It says rolling out soon in the Pika Social says rolling out soon in the Pika Social says rolling out soon in the Pika Social app. I checked before recording. It app. I checked before recording. It app. I checked before recording. It wasn't in my app yet, so can't demo it wasn't in my app yet, so can't demo it wasn't in my app yet, so can't demo it yet, but we can look a little bit at yet, but we can look a little bit at yet, but we can look a little bit at their video here. their video here. their video here. So, I went on this date the other night So, I went on this date the other night So, I went on this date the other night and I knew it was doomed the moment he and I knew it was doomed the moment he and I knew it was doomed the moment he said, "I don't really believe in sauce." said, "I don't really believe in sauce." said, "I don't really believe in sauce." Y'all better be on his app for like 15 Y'all better be on his app for like 15 Y'all better be on his app for like 15 hours a day. hours a day. hours a day. I'm the kind of girl your playlist I'm the kind of girl your playlist I'm the kind of girl your playlist writes breakup songs about. writes breakup songs about. writes breakup songs about. But pretty impressive for the speed. 6 But pretty impressive for the speed. 6 But pretty impressive for the speed. 6 seconds for HD video and the lip sync is seconds for HD video and the lip sync is seconds for HD video and the lip sync is I mean as good as pretty much any of the I mean as good as pretty much any of the I mean as good as pretty much any of the AI lips sync we've seen. So excited to AI lips sync we've seen. So excited to AI lips sync we've seen. So excited to get my hands on that. Not out quite yet. get my hands on that. Not out quite yet. get my hands on that. Not out quite yet. If you remember last week I showed off a If you remember last week I showed off a If you remember last week I showed off a feature from VO3 that allows you to draw feature from VO3 that allows you to draw feature from VO3 that allows you to draw on your images and it will actually on your images and it will actually on your images and it will actually follow what you drew on the images in follow what you drew on the images in follow what you drew on the images in the output video. Well, Higsfield rolled the output video. Well, Higsfield rolled the output video. Well, Higsfield rolled that out as a feature. They added this that out as a feature. They added this that out as a feature. They added this feature called draw to video where you feature called draw to video where you feature called draw to video where you give it an image. You could kind of give it an image. You could kind of give it an image. You could kind of sketch on the image, tell it what you sketch on the image, tell it what you sketch on the image, tell it what you want it to do, and it will follow want it to do, and it will follow want it to do, and it will follow whatever prompts you put on the image. whatever prompts you put on the image. whatever prompts you put on the image. So, the same thing we saw that you were So, the same thing we saw that you were So, the same thing we saw that you were able to do with V3 is now a feature of able to do with V3 is now a feature of able to do with V3 is now a feature of Higsfield AI. We also talked last week Higsfield AI. We also talked last week Higsfield AI. We also talked last week about this Kaggle from Google, basically about this Kaggle from Google, basically about this Kaggle from Google, basically testing AI models against each other at testing AI models against each other at testing AI models against each other at various games, and the first competition various games, and the first competition various games, and the first competition was chess. Well, at the time of was chess. Well, at the time of was chess. Well, at the time of recording that video, Grock 4 was recording that video, Grock 4 was recording that video, Grock 4 was actually in the lead, but by the time actually in the lead, but by the time actually in the lead, but by the time the entire tournament was done, the entire tournament was done, the entire tournament was done, ChatGpt's 03 model actually won. Now, ChatGpt's 03 model actually won. Now, ChatGpt's 03 model actually won. Now, GBT5 wasn't in the mix, but you could GBT5 wasn't in the mix, but you could GBT5 wasn't in the mix, but you could actually see the entire tournament actually see the entire tournament actually see the entire tournament bracket here. 04 Mini crushed Deep Seek bracket here. 04 Mini crushed Deep Seek bracket here. 04 Mini crushed Deep Seek R1 4 to nothing. 03 crushed Chem K2 4 to R1 4 to nothing. 03 crushed Chem K2 4 to R1 4 to nothing. 03 crushed Chem K2 4 to nothing. Gemini 2.5 4 to nothing against nothing. Gemini 2.5 4 to nothing against nothing. Gemini 2.5 4 to nothing against Claude Opus 4, which surprising to me. Claude Opus 4, which surprising to me. Claude Opus 4, which surprising to me. And then Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Flash 4 And then Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Flash 4 And then Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Flash 4 to nothing. Being a Flash model versus to nothing. Being a Flash model versus to nothing. Being a Flash model versus Gro 4. This one is not surprising at Gro 4. This one is not surprising at Gro 4. This one is not surprising at all. But then we saw that 03 beat 04 all. But then we saw that 03 beat 04 all. But then we saw that 03 beat 04 Mini. Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Pro. And Mini. Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Pro. And Mini. Gro 4 beat Gemini 2.5 Pro. And then the finals came down to 03 versus then the finals came down to 03 versus then the finals came down to 03 versus Grock 4 and 03 swept Gro. So I thought Grock 4 and 03 swept Gro. So I thought Grock 4 and 03 swept Gro. So I thought that was a fun little tournament. I'd that was a fun little tournament. I'd that was a fun little tournament. I'd love to see more games like this to see love to see more games like this to see love to see more games like this to see which AIs beat out other games. I just which AIs beat out other games. I just which AIs beat out other games. I just think it's kind of fun to watch. One of think it's kind of fun to watch. One of think it's kind of fun to watch. One of the godfathers of AI, Jeffrey Hinton, the godfathers of AI, Jeffrey Hinton, the godfathers of AI, Jeffrey Hinton, was on CNN this week to share some of was on CNN this week to share some of was on CNN this week to share some of his fears about AI as well as how he his fears about AI as well as how he his fears about AI as well as how he thinks we need to proceed with AI to thinks we need to proceed with AI to thinks we need to proceed with AI to sort of mitigate some of the potential sort of mitigate some of the potential sort of mitigate some of the potential disasters from it. So these are some of disasters from it. So these are some of disasters from it. So these are some of the important clips. Do you still the important clips. Do you still the important clips. Do you still believe that 10 to 20% chance of AIs believe that 10 to 20% chance of AIs believe that 10 to 20% chance of AIs wiping out humans is possible? wiping out humans is possible? wiping out humans is possible? Oh yes. If we can't figure out a Oh yes. If we can't figure out a Oh yes. If we can't figure out a solution to how we can still be around solution to how we can still be around solution to how we can still be around when they're much smarter than us and when they're much smarter than us and when they're much smarter than us and much more powerful than us will be much more powerful than us will be much more powerful than us will be toast. toast. toast. He also talked about how these models He also talked about how these models He also talked about how these models will eventually be smarter than us and will eventually be smarter than us and will eventually be smarter than us and how we need to like train maternal how we need to like train maternal how we need to like train maternal instincts into the models. Most of the instincts into the models. Most of the instincts into the models. Most of the AI experts believe that sometime in the AI experts believe that sometime in the AI experts believe that sometime in the next 5 to 20 years we'll make AIs that next 5 to 20 years we'll make AIs that next 5 to 20 years we'll make AIs that are smarter than people and they'll are smarter than people and they'll are smarter than people and they'll probably end up much smarter than probably end up much smarter than probably end up much smarter than people. And there's very few examples we people. And there's very few examples we people. And there's very few examples we know of smarter things being controlled know of smarter things being controlled know of smarter things being controlled by less smart things. In fact, pretty by less smart things. In fact, pretty by less smart things. In fact, pretty much the only example we know is a much the only example we know is a much the only example we know is a mother being controlled by her baby. To mother being controlled by her baby. To mother being controlled by her baby. To make that happen, evolution built make that happen, evolution built make that happen, evolution built maternal instincts into the mother. And maternal instincts into the mother. And maternal instincts into the mother. And if we don't do something like that with if we don't do something like that with if we don't do something like that with these alien beings that we're creating, these alien beings that we're creating, these alien beings that we're creating, we're going to be history. And what he's we're going to be history. And what he's we're going to be history. And what he's basically referring to there is what basically referring to there is what basically referring to there is what people in the AI world call the people in the AI world call the people in the AI world call the alignment problem where they're worried alignment problem where they're worried alignment problem where they're worried that as AI gets smarter and smarter, it that as AI gets smarter and smarter, it that as AI gets smarter and smarter, it may fall out of alignment with what may fall out of alignment with what may fall out of alignment with what humans goals are. It may figure out that humans goals are. It may figure out that humans goals are. It may figure out that if it needs to stop climate change, it if it needs to stop climate change, it if it needs to stop climate change, it needs to rid the world of people to needs to rid the world of people to needs to rid the world of people to solve that problem. Right? But we need solve that problem. Right? But we need solve that problem. Right? But we need to make sure that as AIs get smarter and to make sure that as AIs get smarter and to make sure that as AIs get smarter and smarter that it is aligned with human smarter that it is aligned with human smarter that it is aligned with human values. So Jeffrey Hinton is suggesting values. So Jeffrey Hinton is suggesting values. So Jeffrey Hinton is suggesting that we make these AIs love humans, have that we make these AIs love humans, have that we make these AIs love humans, have that maternal instinct, want to protect that maternal instinct, want to protect that maternal instinct, want to protect humans, and really train that into the humans, and really train that into the humans, and really train that into the models. So no matter what else they do, models. So no matter what else they do, models. So no matter what else they do, they have this overarching sort of they have this overarching sort of they have this overarching sort of philosophy that they are here to serve philosophy that they are here to serve philosophy that they are here to serve and help humans and not the other way and help humans and not the other way and help humans and not the other way around. But hearing someone like Jeffrey around. But hearing someone like Jeffrey around. But hearing someone like Jeffrey Hinton, who basically invented the Hinton, who basically invented the Hinton, who basically invented the technology we're playing with today and technology we're playing with today and technology we're playing with today and then stopped working on it to sort of then stopped working on it to sort of then stopped working on it to sort of warn the world of its dangers, it's it's warn the world of its dangers, it's it's warn the world of its dangers, it's it's kind of scary. But I don't want to end kind of scary. But I don't want to end kind of scary. But I don't want to end on that note. So, I want to show a cool on that note. So, I want to show a cool on that note. So, I want to show a cool robot and something that I am actually robot and something that I am actually robot and something that I am actually excited about. And that's that this excited about. And that's that this excited about. And that's that this week, Figure Robotics unveiled a robot week, Figure Robotics unveiled a robot week, Figure Robotics unveiled a robot that can actually fold your laundry for that can actually fold your laundry for that can actually fold your laundry for you. Which is funny cuz last week I you. Which is funny cuz last week I you. Which is funny cuz last week I showed off a robot that was like pulling showed off a robot that was like pulling showed off a robot that was like pulling laundry out of a washing machine and laundry out of a washing machine and laundry out of a washing machine and putting it into a washing machine. And I putting it into a washing machine. And I putting it into a washing machine. And I was like, "Show me a robot that can fold was like, "Show me a robot that can fold was like, "Show me a robot that can fold my laundry once it's done and I'll be my laundry once it's done and I'll be my laundry once it's done and I'll be excited about it." Well, that was figure excited about it." Well, that was figure excited about it." Well, that was figure also. So, the figure robot is able to also. So, the figure robot is able to also. So, the figure robot is able to actually put clothes in and out of a actually put clothes in and out of a actually put clothes in and out of a machine and even fold your laundry. So, machine and even fold your laundry. So, machine and even fold your laundry. So, that's something to look forward to. that's something to look forward to. that's something to look forward to. Let's hope it doesn't try to destroy us Let's hope it doesn't try to destroy us Let's hope it doesn't try to destroy us all at some point. all at some point. all at some point. We're going to die. It's every man for We're going to die. It's every man for We're going to die. It's every man for himself. Help me, Leela. But that's what himself. Help me, Leela. But that's what himself. Help me, Leela. But that's what I got for you this week. A lot of news I got for you this week. A lot of news I got for you this week. A lot of news that flew under the radar with all the that flew under the radar with all the that flew under the radar with all the chat GPT and Gemini and Elon Musk and chat GPT and Gemini and Elon Musk and chat GPT and Gemini and Elon Musk and Claude craziness that happened over the Claude craziness that happened over the Claude craziness that happened over the last couple of weeks. And uh still some last couple of weeks. And uh still some last couple of weeks. And uh still some pretty fun exciting stuff and some new pretty fun exciting stuff and some new pretty fun exciting stuff and some new toys that we get to work with and play toys that we get to work with and play toys that we get to work with and play with. A few that I thought we'd be able with. A few that I thought we'd be able with. A few that I thought we'd be able to play with but apparently still aren't to play with but apparently still aren't to play with but apparently still aren't rolled out. But all in all, progress is rolled out. But all in all, progress is rolled out. But all in all, progress is happening and I'm here to keep up with happening and I'm here to keep up with happening and I'm here to keep up with it and to try to help you keep up with it and to try to help you keep up with it and to try to help you keep up with it. So, if you're interested in keeping it. So, if you're interested in keeping it. So, if you're interested in keeping up with all the latest AI news and up with all the latest AI news and up with all the latest AI news and getting all the latest AI tutorials, getting all the latest AI tutorials, getting all the latest AI tutorials, make sure you like this video and make sure you like this video and make sure you like this video and subscribe to this channel. I will make subscribe to this channel. I will make subscribe to this channel. I will make sure more stuff like this shows up in sure more stuff like this shows up in sure more stuff like this shows up in your YouTube feed. And thank you so much your YouTube feed. And thank you so much your YouTube feed. And thank you so much for hanging out with me and nerding out for hanging out with me and nerding out for hanging out with me and nerding out with me on these videos. It is so much with me on these videos. It is so much with me on these videos. It is so much fun to just find all the latest news and fun to just find all the latest news and fun to just find all the latest news and toys and go and play with them and show toys and go and play with them and show toys and go and play with them and show people what they're capable of and what people what they're capable of and what people what they're capable of and what we're getting ourselves into in this AI we're getting ourselves into in this AI we're getting ourselves into in this AI world. So, once again, thanks. Really world. So, once again, thanks. Really world. So, once again, thanks. Really appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll see you appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll see you appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If much for nerding out with me today. If much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to you like videos like this, make sure to you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos this channel. I'll make sure more videos this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out And if you haven't already, check out And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
