Title: AI NEWS： 28 Releases and Updates You Missed This Week
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

There was a ton of really cool AI There was a ton of really cool AI There was a ton of really cool AI updates this week. We have AI image updates this week. We have AI image updates this week. We have AI image editors that could potentially replace editors that could potentially replace editors that could potentially replace Photoshop. Tons of updates out of Google Photoshop. Tons of updates out of Google Photoshop. Tons of updates out of Google and their made by Google event. And even and their made by Google event. And even and their made by Google event. And even teases around GPT6. Yes, only a couple teases around GPT6. Yes, only a couple teases around GPT6. Yes, only a couple weeks after GPT5, we're already talking weeks after GPT5, we're already talking weeks after GPT5, we're already talking about GPT6. All that and more in today's about GPT6. All that and more in today's about GPT6. All that and more in today's AI news breakdown. I don't want to waste AI news breakdown. I don't want to waste AI news breakdown. I don't want to waste your time, so let's dive right in. your time, so let's dive right in. your time, so let's dive right in. Starting with the new image editor out Starting with the new image editor out Starting with the new image editor out of Quinn called Quinn Image Edit. Oh, I of Quinn called Quinn Image Edit. Oh, I of Quinn called Quinn Image Edit. Oh, I mentioned a new image editor that could mentioned a new image editor that could mentioned a new image editor that could replace Photoshop. Well, this week replace Photoshop. Well, this week replace Photoshop. Well, this week there's actually two. there's actually two. there's actually two. No. God, please no. No. God, please no. No. God, please no. You've got this Quinn image edit which You've got this Quinn image edit which You've got this Quinn image edit which comes out of Chinese company Alibaba and comes out of Chinese company Alibaba and comes out of Chinese company Alibaba and is actually opened via the Apache 2.0 is actually opened via the Apache 2.0 is actually opened via the Apache 2.0 license. And similar to what you can do license. And similar to what you can do license. And similar to what you can do inside of Chat GPT where you can give it inside of Chat GPT where you can give it inside of Chat GPT where you can give it images and then tell it to, you know, images and then tell it to, you know, images and then tell it to, you know, change the angle of the person or put a change the angle of the person or put a change the angle of the person or put a hat on them or things like that. Well, hat on them or things like that. Well, hat on them or things like that. Well, Quinn imageedit is an open version of Quinn imageedit is an open version of Quinn imageedit is an open version of that. And if we look at their page here, that. And if we look at their page here, that. And if we look at their page here, we could see some examples of like this we could see some examples of like this we could see some examples of like this input image and then the various sort of input image and then the various sort of input image and then the various sort of uh derivatives they built off of this uh derivatives they built off of this uh derivatives they built off of this input image. Feel free to pause here and input image. Feel free to pause here and input image. Feel free to pause here and see the prompts that they used. But you see the prompts that they used. But you see the prompts that they used. But you can see they gave it one input image and can see they gave it one input image and can see they gave it one input image and then gave it a prompt like the bear is then gave it a prompt like the bear is then gave it a prompt like the bear is wearing an elaborate dance dress with wearing an elaborate dance dress with wearing an elaborate dance dress with arms spread open performing an elegant arms spread open performing an elegant arms spread open performing an elegant dancing pose. And you got this image dancing pose. And you got this image dancing pose. And you got this image using this same bear here. More using this same bear here. More using this same bear here. More examples. Input image. Obtain the front examples. Input image. Obtain the front examples. Input image. Obtain the front view and it turned the person around. view and it turned the person around. view and it turned the person around. And we have some more examples of the And we have some more examples of the And we have some more examples of the same type of prompt. Here we can see an same type of prompt. Here we can see an same type of prompt. Here we can see an input image where they change the style input image where they change the style input image where they change the style to like a Giblly style and a 3D cartoon to like a Giblly style and a 3D cartoon to like a Giblly style and a 3D cartoon style. Here's an input image where they style. Here's an input image where they style. Here's an input image where they added a sign that says, "Welcome to added a sign that says, "Welcome to added a sign that says, "Welcome to Penguin Beach." So, pretty much the Penguin Beach." So, pretty much the Penguin Beach." So, pretty much the sky's is the limit on what type of edits sky's is the limit on what type of edits sky's is the limit on what type of edits you can make to these images here. And you can make to these images here. And you can make to these images here. And you can use this model totally free you can use this model totally free you can use this model totally free right now by going to the Quinn Chat right now by going to the Quinn Chat right now by going to the Quinn Chat website, which is just quin.ai. And then website, which is just quin.ai. And then website, which is just quin.ai. And then once you're logged in, you'll notice once you're logged in, you'll notice once you're logged in, you'll notice that there's a little button down in the that there's a little button down in the that there's a little button down in the bottom that says image edit. We select bottom that says image edit. We select bottom that says image edit. We select this image. It says upload a picture and this image. It says upload a picture and this image. It says upload a picture and describe how you'd like it edited. So describe how you'd like it edited. So describe how you'd like it edited. So this is one of their demo images here. this is one of their demo images here. this is one of their demo images here. And it automatically plugged in this And it automatically plugged in this And it automatically plugged in this prompt while I was testing that says prompt while I was testing that says prompt while I was testing that says replace the polka dot shirt with a light replace the polka dot shirt with a light replace the polka dot shirt with a light blue shirt. And we can see it did just blue shirt. And we can see it did just blue shirt. And we can see it did just that. I'm going to go ahead and feed it that. I'm going to go ahead and feed it that. I'm going to go ahead and feed it an image of myself here. And then say an image of myself here. And then say an image of myself here. And then say give me the side view of this image. And give me the side view of this image. And give me the side view of this image. And it actually did a really good job. I it actually did a really good job. I it actually did a really good job. I mean that actually kind of looks like my mean that actually kind of looks like my mean that actually kind of looks like my profile. Here's an image I uploaded of profile. Here's an image I uploaded of profile. Here's an image I uploaded of me and my friends Molly and Joe, and I me and my friends Molly and Joe, and I me and my friends Molly and Joe, and I said, "Make it nighttime with a city said, "Make it nighttime with a city said, "Make it nighttime with a city skyline behind us." And a few seconds skyline behind us." And a few seconds skyline behind us." And a few seconds later, I got the exact image I was later, I got the exact image I was later, I got the exact image I was looking for. I mean, see how this could looking for. I mean, see how this could looking for. I mean, see how this could potentially replace Photoshop. And this potentially replace Photoshop. And this potentially replace Photoshop. And this is just one of two image editors that is just one of two image editors that is just one of two image editors that everybody's talking about this week. everybody's talking about this week. everybody's talking about this week. Maybe you've been hearing the term nano Maybe you've been hearing the term nano Maybe you've been hearing the term nano banana flying around this week as well. banana flying around this week as well. banana flying around this week as well. Well, that's because that does the same Well, that's because that does the same Well, that's because that does the same thing, but almost feels even more thing, but almost feels even more thing, but almost feels even more powerful than this one. But it's not powerful than this one. But it's not powerful than this one. But it's not totally accessible yet. There is a totally accessible yet. There is a totally accessible yet. There is a workaround to use it which I made a workaround to use it which I made a workaround to use it which I made a whole video about a few days ago. So whole video about a few days ago. So whole video about a few days ago. So check that video out if you haven't check that video out if you haven't check that video out if you haven't already. But let me give you a quick already. But let me give you a quick already. But let me give you a quick overview of what it's capable of and overview of what it's capable of and overview of what it's capable of and then I'll give you the quick TLDDR of then I'll give you the quick TLDDR of then I'll give you the quick TLDDR of how you can actually generate with it how you can actually generate with it how you can actually generate with it right now. So here's some examples from right now. So here's some examples from right now. So here's some examples from this Xacount D studio project. And we this Xacount D studio project. And we this Xacount D studio project. And we can see they gave it a base image here can see they gave it a base image here can see they gave it a base image here of this woman on the left with a white of this woman on the left with a white of this woman on the left with a white purse. They gave it this image of a new purse. They gave it this image of a new purse. They gave it this image of a new purse with the prompt change the bag purse with the prompt change the bag purse with the prompt change the bag with the second image. And it put this with the second image. And it put this with the second image. And it put this purse on this woman here. Another purse on this woman here. Another purse on this woman here. Another example. Here's the base image where example. Here's the base image where example. Here's the base image where she's reading a book. They give it this she's reading a book. They give it this she's reading a book. They give it this image and say replace the book cover image and say replace the book cover image and say replace the book cover with the cover with the second image. with the cover with the second image. with the cover with the second image. And it replaced just the book cover, And it replaced just the book cover, And it replaced just the book cover, leaving the rest of the image pretty leaving the rest of the image pretty leaving the rest of the image pretty much exactly the same. Another one where much exactly the same. Another one where much exactly the same. Another one where they gave this girl these glasses and they gave this girl these glasses and they gave this girl these glasses and this girl this like puffer jacket here. this girl this like puffer jacket here. this girl this like puffer jacket here. Here's another example from Mariano Here's another example from Mariano Here's another example from Mariano Partardo where he was able to give it Partardo where he was able to give it Partardo where he was able to give it three different images. He gave it an three different images. He gave it an three different images. He gave it an image of Satia Nadella, Sundar Pinchi, image of Satia Nadella, Sundar Pinchi, image of Satia Nadella, Sundar Pinchi, and an image of the beach and said, "Put and an image of the beach and said, "Put and an image of the beach and said, "Put the two persons together on the beach in the two persons together on the beach in the two persons together on the beach in a natural way." And you can see it made a natural way." And you can see it made a natural way." And you can see it made this image with Satia and Sundar hanging this image with Satia and Sundar hanging this image with Satia and Sundar hanging out together on this beach. And out together on this beach. And out together on this beach. And everything stayed consistent. It's the everything stayed consistent. It's the everything stayed consistent. It's the same beach. Maybe they're wearing same beach. Maybe they're wearing same beach. Maybe they're wearing different outfits, but you can different outfits, but you can different outfits, but you can definitely tell who it's supposed to be. definitely tell who it's supposed to be. definitely tell who it's supposed to be. And it did a really good job. I thought And it did a really good job. I thought And it did a really good job. I thought Mad Pencil here also had a really cool Mad Pencil here also had a really cool Mad Pencil here also had a really cool example where she took this image, which example where she took this image, which example where she took this image, which is like a realworld image. I don't know is like a realworld image. I don't know is like a realworld image. I don't know if it was actually AI generated or this if it was actually AI generated or this if it was actually AI generated or this was a real image. I'm actually guessing was a real image. I'm actually guessing was a real image. I'm actually guessing it was AI generated, but she gave it the it was AI generated, but she gave it the it was AI generated, but she gave it the prompt, make the ramen bowl and ramen prompt, make the ramen bowl and ramen prompt, make the ramen bowl and ramen look like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime look like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime look like 2D whimsical handdrawn anime illustration, keeping everything else in illustration, keeping everything else in illustration, keeping everything else in the image exactly the same. And this was the image exactly the same. And this was the image exactly the same. And this was the result. And I just thought this was the result. And I just thought this was the result. And I just thought this was a really fun use case to sort of blend a really fun use case to sort of blend a really fun use case to sort of blend real image with cartoony image. And real image with cartoony image. And real image with cartoony image. And again, I do believe this background again, I do believe this background again, I do believe this background image is probably AI. I can't confirm image is probably AI. I can't confirm image is probably AI. I can't confirm 100%, but this would work just as well 100%, but this would work just as well 100%, but this would work just as well on a real image. When she gave ChatGpt on a real image. When she gave ChatGpt on a real image. When she gave ChatGpt the same image and same prompt, it just the same image and same prompt, it just the same image and same prompt, it just turned the whole thing into a cartoon. turned the whole thing into a cartoon. turned the whole thing into a cartoon. Same with when she used the Quinn image Same with when she used the Quinn image Same with when she used the Quinn image edit, the one that we were just looking edit, the one that we were just looking edit, the one that we were just looking at a minute ago, Nano Banana was able to at a minute ago, Nano Banana was able to at a minute ago, Nano Banana was able to figure out how to cartoonize just the figure out how to cartoonize just the figure out how to cartoonize just the ramen. All the rest of the models wanted ramen. All the rest of the models wanted ramen. All the rest of the models wanted to turn the whole image into a cartoon. to turn the whole image into a cartoon. to turn the whole image into a cartoon. Really, really impressive. It's also Really, really impressive. It's also Really, really impressive. It's also really good at colorizing black and really good at colorizing black and really good at colorizing black and white photos. I actually found this white photos. I actually found this white photos. I actually found this photo online and I fed it into Nano photo online and I fed it into Nano photo online and I fed it into Nano Banana. Gave it the prompt to colorize Banana. Gave it the prompt to colorize Banana. Gave it the prompt to colorize and upscale the photo. And here was the and upscale the photo. And here was the and upscale the photo. And here was the output. Again, here was the original. output. Again, here was the original. output. Again, here was the original. And here's what it made from my prompt. And here's what it made from my prompt. And here's what it made from my prompt. I then wanted to test combining two I then wanted to test combining two I then wanted to test combining two images. So, I gave it this image that I images. So, I gave it this image that I images. So, I gave it this image that I found online of Steve Jobs and this found online of Steve Jobs and this found online of Steve Jobs and this image of myself. And I gave it the image of myself. And I gave it the image of myself. And I gave it the prompt, make these two men sitting next prompt, make these two men sitting next prompt, make these two men sitting next to each other. Adjust lighting and to each other. Adjust lighting and to each other. Adjust lighting and colors so it looks like they're in the colors so it looks like they're in the colors so it looks like they're in the same room chatting. And here was the same room chatting. And here was the same room chatting. And here was the output. I mean, it kind of gave me a output. I mean, it kind of gave me a output. I mean, it kind of gave me a different haircut, but other than that, different haircut, but other than that, different haircut, but other than that, everything looks really, really good. I everything looks really, really good. I everything looks really, really good. I then fed that same image back in and then fed that same image back in and then fed that same image back in and said, "Make it so the two men are said, "Make it so the two men are said, "Make it so the two men are sitting on top of a skyscraper with the sitting on top of a skyscraper with the sitting on top of a skyscraper with the city below." And this was the output city below." And this was the output city below." And this was the output image that I got of me and Steve Jobs image that I got of me and Steve Jobs image that I got of me and Steve Jobs sitting on a skyscraper. I then took sitting on a skyscraper. I then took sitting on a skyscraper. I then took this same image, plugged it back in, and this same image, plugged it back in, and this same image, plugged it back in, and gave it the prompt, make it nighttime. gave it the prompt, make it nighttime. gave it the prompt, make it nighttime. And now I've got a picture of me and And now I've got a picture of me and And now I've got a picture of me and Steve Jobs sitting on a skyscraper at Steve Jobs sitting on a skyscraper at Steve Jobs sitting on a skyscraper at night. I don't know why I'm still night. I don't know why I'm still night. I don't know why I'm still wearing sunglasses in it at nighttime. wearing sunglasses in it at nighttime. wearing sunglasses in it at nighttime. I'm sure there was some bright light I'm sure there was some bright light I'm sure there was some bright light shining on us or something, but really, shining on us or something, but really, shining on us or something, but really, really, really impressive model. Now, as really, really impressive model. Now, as really, really impressive model. Now, as of right now, it hasn't been publicly of right now, it hasn't been publicly of right now, it hasn't been publicly announced who made this model. They've announced who made this model. They've announced who made this model. They've been kind of keeping it a mystery. Not been kind of keeping it a mystery. Not been kind of keeping it a mystery. Not really, but kind of sort of. It's a really, but kind of sort of. It's a really, but kind of sort of. It's a mystery. Most people believe it's mystery. Most people believe it's mystery. Most people believe it's Google. And the reason most people Google. And the reason most people Google. And the reason most people believe it's Google is because Logan believe it's Google is because Logan believe it's Google is because Logan Kilpatrick, who is the lead of product Kilpatrick, who is the lead of product Kilpatrick, who is the lead of product over at Google AI Studio, tweeted a over at Google AI Studio, tweeted a over at Google AI Studio, tweeted a picture of just a banana. and Josh picture of just a banana. and Josh picture of just a banana. and Josh Woodward also at Google. He's the VP of Woodward also at Google. He's the VP of Woodward also at Google. He's the VP of Google, Google Labs, and Gemini app. Google, Google Labs, and Gemini app. Google, Google Labs, and Gemini app. Well, he posted this is banana, which I Well, he posted this is banana, which I Well, he posted this is banana, which I think is a pretty good indicator that think is a pretty good indicator that think is a pretty good indicator that Nano Banana came from Google. But again, Nano Banana came from Google. But again, Nano Banana came from Google. But again, I mentioned it's not the easiest to use I mentioned it's not the easiest to use I mentioned it's not the easiest to use right now. The way people have right now. The way people have right now. The way people have discovered Nano Banana and started using discovered Nano Banana and started using discovered Nano Banana and started using it was through this site LM Arena, which it was through this site LM Arena, which it was through this site LM Arena, which is a site where you can kind of do a is a site where you can kind of do a is a site where you can kind of do a blind test of models and then pick your blind test of models and then pick your blind test of models and then pick your favorite and then it sort of ranks the favorite and then it sort of ranks the favorite and then it sort of ranks the models based on which ones were blindly models based on which ones were blindly models based on which ones were blindly picked as the favorites. And if you come picked as the favorites. And if you come picked as the favorites. And if you come to LaMarina, you can use Nano Banana for to LaMarina, you can use Nano Banana for to LaMarina, you can use Nano Banana for free, but it takes some work. So head on free, but it takes some work. So head on free, but it takes some work. So head on over to lmarina.ai. Up at the top, you over to lmarina.ai. Up at the top, you over to lmarina.ai. Up at the top, you have three options: battle, sidebyside, have three options: battle, sidebyside, have three options: battle, sidebyside, and direct chat. You're only going to and direct chat. You're only going to and direct chat. You're only going to get Nano Banana in the battle mode. And get Nano Banana in the battle mode. And get Nano Banana in the battle mode. And well, you may not even get it on your well, you may not even get it on your well, you may not even get it on your first try. It's the mode where it gives first try. It's the mode where it gives first try. It's the mode where it gives you two models side by side, but they're you two models side by side, but they're you two models side by side, but they're blind. It's not available in sideby-side blind. It's not available in sideby-side blind. It's not available in sideby-side chat or direct chat, only battle mode. chat or direct chat, only battle mode. chat or direct chat, only battle mode. Once you're in battle mode, you can turn Once you're in battle mode, you can turn Once you're in battle mode, you can turn on generate images, and then you can on generate images, and then you can on generate images, and then you can drag and drop any image in. So, I'm drag and drop any image in. So, I'm drag and drop any image in. So, I'm going to drop this old image in of me going to drop this old image in of me going to drop this old image in of me being interviewed by Joe Polish and give being interviewed by Joe Polish and give being interviewed by Joe Polish and give it the prompt, upscale the quality of it the prompt, upscale the quality of it the prompt, upscale the quality of this image, and make it nighttime. Also, this image, and make it nighttime. Also, this image, and make it nighttime. Also, give me a baseball cap and submit it. give me a baseball cap and submit it. give me a baseball cap and submit it. We'll see. It's going to give me two We'll see. It's going to give me two We'll see. It's going to give me two options. It's generating it blindly with options. It's generating it blindly with options. It's generating it blindly with two different models and we have no idea two different models and we have no idea two different models and we have no idea which models it's going to use. It gave which models it's going to use. It gave which models it's going to use. It gave me two images back. This one, which me two images back. This one, which me two images back. This one, which doesn't look great, and this one, which doesn't look great, and this one, which doesn't look great, and this one, which is okay. Doesn't really look much higher is okay. Doesn't really look much higher is okay. Doesn't really look much higher quality, but it's okay. This one is quality, but it's okay. This one is quality, but it's okay. This one is definitely better. We don't know which definitely better. We don't know which definitely better. We don't know which model is which. We'll click right is model is which. We'll click right is model is which. We'll click right is better. And we can see this was seated better. And we can see this was seated better. And we can see this was seated 3.0 and this was Gemini 2.0. We did not 3.0 and this was Gemini 2.0. We did not 3.0 and this was Gemini 2.0. We did not get nano banana. So, I have to just do get nano banana. So, I have to just do get nano banana. So, I have to just do it again until it gives me nano banana. it again until it gives me nano banana. it again until it gives me nano banana. And on my second attempt, we can see And on my second attempt, we can see And on my second attempt, we can see that it actually gave me nano banana as that it actually gave me nano banana as that it actually gave me nano banana as one of the options. And this was the one of the options. And this was the one of the options. And this was the image that it outputed. And it did image that it outputed. And it did image that it outputed. And it did actually make it slightly higher actually make it slightly higher actually make it slightly higher quality. It made it nighttime in the quality. It made it nighttime in the quality. It made it nighttime in the background. It left everything the same. background. It left everything the same. background. It left everything the same. And it put a hat on Joe Polish, which And it put a hat on Joe Polish, which And it put a hat on Joe Polish, which makes sense cuz I said, "Give me a hat." makes sense cuz I said, "Give me a hat." makes sense cuz I said, "Give me a hat." The model didn't know which one was me. The model didn't know which one was me. The model didn't know which one was me. So, it's very obvious that if I would So, it's very obvious that if I would So, it's very obvious that if I would have said, "Put a hat on the guy on the have said, "Put a hat on the guy on the have said, "Put a hat on the guy on the right," it would have done a better job right," it would have done a better job right," it would have done a better job of putting it on me. But, it did do a of putting it on me. But, it did do a of putting it on me. But, it did do a pretty good job here. And that's how you pretty good job here. And that's how you pretty good job here. And that's how you can currently use Nano Banana. You can can currently use Nano Banana. You can can currently use Nano Banana. You can use it directly inside of LM Marina. You use it directly inside of LM Marina. You use it directly inside of LM Marina. You just might need to prompt it a couple just might need to prompt it a couple just might need to prompt it a couple times until you get the actual model, times until you get the actual model, times until you get the actual model, but there's no limit to how many times but there's no limit to how many times but there's no limit to how many times you can do it. So, you can keep on you can do it. So, you can keep on you can do it. So, you can keep on generating it and generating it and generating it and generating it and generating it and generating it and generating it until you get the exact generating it until you get the exact generating it until you get the exact output that you want. And well, once you output that you want. And well, once you output that you want. And well, once you get really good at this and these models get really good at this and these models get really good at this and these models get better and better, why are you going get better and better, why are you going get better and better, why are you going to need to go into Photoshop and sort of to need to go into Photoshop and sort of to need to go into Photoshop and sort of crop around things and composite crop around things and composite crop around things and composite elements into the background, it's going elements into the background, it's going elements into the background, it's going to get to a point where you just either to get to a point where you just either to get to a point where you just either give it an image or multiple images, give it an image or multiple images, give it an image or multiple images, tell it what you want it to look like, tell it what you want it to look like, tell it what you want it to look like, and it's going to essentially do the and it's going to essentially do the and it's going to essentially do the photoshopping for you. Pretty sweet. You photoshopping for you. Pretty sweet. You photoshopping for you. Pretty sweet. You know how the startup world works. Move know how the startup world works. Move know how the startup world works. Move fast, validate your idea, raise capital. fast, validate your idea, raise capital. fast, validate your idea, raise capital. But here's the thing. The first AI But here's the thing. The first AI But here's the thing. The first AI companies building on Lovable are companies building on Lovable are companies building on Lovable are already getting into Y Combinator and already getting into Y Combinator and already getting into Y Combinator and raising a half a million dollar VC raising a half a million dollar VC raising a half a million dollar VC checks before most people even have a checks before most people even have a checks before most people even have a working prototype. And that's not luck. working prototype. And that's not luck. working prototype. And that's not luck. It's because the future of work is It's because the future of work is It's because the future of work is shifting. Now it's up to AI to find the shifting. Now it's up to AI to find the shifting. Now it's up to AI to find the right problem to solve. AI to build and right problem to solve. AI to build and right problem to solve. AI to build and validate your MVP and AI to keep validate your MVP and AI to keep validate your MVP and AI to keep supporting your product as it grows. And supporting your product as it grows. And supporting your product as it grows. And that's exactly what Lovable does. that's exactly what Lovable does. that's exactly what Lovable does. Whether you're a product manager with a Whether you're a product manager with a Whether you're a product manager with a game-changing idea, a designer stuck at game-changing idea, a designer stuck at game-changing idea, a designer stuck at the handoff to dev stage, or a the handoff to dev stage, or a the handoff to dev stage, or a non-technical founder who just wants to non-technical founder who just wants to non-technical founder who just wants to get to market before the window closes. get to market before the window closes. get to market before the window closes. Lovable takes your vision and turns it Lovable takes your vision and turns it Lovable takes your vision and turns it into a fully functional product in into a fully functional product in into a fully functional product in minutes. Landing pages, dashboards, SAS minutes. Landing pages, dashboards, SAS minutes. Landing pages, dashboards, SAS apps, even complex integrations done. apps, even complex integrations done. apps, even complex integrations done. You skip the dev bottleneck, wow your You skip the dev bottleneck, wow your You skip the dev bottleneck, wow your team or investors, and focus on what team or investors, and focus on what team or investors, and focus on what matters. Shipping, testing, and scaling. matters. Shipping, testing, and scaling. matters. Shipping, testing, and scaling. No coding, no hiring headaches, no long No coding, no hiring headaches, no long No coding, no hiring headaches, no long delays. Just describe it and Lovable delays. Just describe it and Lovable delays. Just describe it and Lovable builds it, keeping your vision intact builds it, keeping your vision intact builds it, keeping your vision intact while freeing you up to move 10 times while freeing you up to move 10 times while freeing you up to move 10 times faster. So, if you've been sitting on an faster. So, if you've been sitting on an faster. So, if you've been sitting on an idea that can change your career or your idea that can change your career or your idea that can change your career or your life, don't wait for someone else to life, don't wait for someone else to life, don't wait for someone else to beat you to it. Check out the link in beat you to it. Check out the link in beat you to it. Check out the link in the description, start building with the description, start building with the description, start building with Lovable, and join the wave of founders Lovable, and join the wave of founders Lovable, and join the wave of founders who are proving that in the AI era, the who are proving that in the AI era, the who are proving that in the AI era, the only limit is how fast you're willing to only limit is how fast you're willing to only limit is how fast you're willing to launch. Thanks so much to Lovable for launch. Thanks so much to Lovable for launch. Thanks so much to Lovable for sponsoring today's video. Now, let's get sponsoring today's video. Now, let's get sponsoring today's video. Now, let's get back to it. If you want to use a back to it. If you want to use a back to it. If you want to use a platform where you can do this kind of platform where you can do this kind of platform where you can do this kind of editing, Higsfield AI also rolled out editing, Higsfield AI also rolled out editing, Higsfield AI also rolled out this feature. Now, this video makes it this feature. Now, this video makes it this feature. Now, this video makes it look like they're doing this with look like they're doing this with look like they're doing this with videos, but what they're really doing is videos, but what they're really doing is videos, but what they're really doing is they're changing the starting image and they're changing the starting image and they're changing the starting image and that starting frame is becoming the that starting frame is becoming the that starting frame is becoming the beginning of a video. So, it's the same beginning of a video. So, it's the same beginning of a video. So, it's the same thing. They're editing images by giving thing. They're editing images by giving thing. They're editing images by giving them products and things like that and them products and things like that and them products and things like that and then converting it into videos using then converting it into videos using then converting it into videos using things like V3. So, a feature that's things like V3. So, a feature that's things like V3. So, a feature that's available in Higsfield if you want to available in Higsfield if you want to available in Higsfield if you want to try it there as well. I don't know try it there as well. I don't know try it there as well. I don't know exactly which model they're using. If I exactly which model they're using. If I exactly which model they're using. If I had to guess, it's probably the had to guess, it's probably the had to guess, it's probably the QuinnEdit model, but I'm not 100% sure QuinnEdit model, but I'm not 100% sure QuinnEdit model, but I'm not 100% sure on that. Runway ML rolled out some new on that. Runway ML rolled out some new on that. Runway ML rolled out some new features this week, including this features this week, including this features this week, including this Runway Game Worlds beta. So, it says Runway Game Worlds beta. So, it says Runway Game Worlds beta. So, it says game worlds employs novel uses of AI for game worlds employs novel uses of AI for game worlds employs novel uses of AI for nonlinear narrative experiences, meaning nonlinear narrative experiences, meaning nonlinear narrative experiences, meaning every game session you play is generated every game session you play is generated every game session you play is generated in real time with personalized stories, in real time with personalized stories, in real time with personalized stories, characters, and multimodal media characters, and multimodal media characters, and multimodal media generation. So, it appears to create generation. So, it appears to create generation. So, it appears to create this like textbased game for you. But as this like textbased game for you. But as this like textbased game for you. But as it's doing this textbased game, it's it's doing this textbased game, it's it's doing this textbased game, it's generating images to go along with the generating images to go along with the generating images to go along with the game. So it's not just reading text. game. So it's not just reading text. game. So it's not just reading text. It's like reading a book but with It's like reading a book but with It's like reading a book but with pictures. And they're making it pictures. And they're making it pictures. And they're making it available right now over at available right now over at available right now over at play.runwayml.com. play.runwayml.com. play.runwayml.com. And I'm not 100% sure if it's fully And I'm not 100% sure if it's fully And I'm not 100% sure if it's fully available or if it's just creative available or if it's just creative available or if it's just creative partner program that it's available for. partner program that it's available for. partner program that it's available for. I believe it's for everybody cuz it I believe it's for everybody cuz it I believe it's for everybody cuz it doesn't have any sort of specifics doesn't have any sort of specifics doesn't have any sort of specifics around who can use it. And when I around who can use it. And when I around who can use it. And when I clicked on this link, it let me into clicked on this link, it let me into clicked on this link, it let me into mess around with it. So I can create a mess around with it. So I can create a mess around with it. So I can create a game world. What's the name of your game game world. What's the name of your game game world. What's the name of your game world? I called mine Apocalyptic world? I called mine Apocalyptic world? I called mine Apocalyptic Wasteland. And then I just clicked Wasteland. And then I just clicked Wasteland. And then I just clicked autocomplete and it built out the autocomplete and it built out the autocomplete and it built out the description for me just based on the description for me just based on the description for me just based on the name of the game. And then under name of the game. And then under name of the game. And then under advanced options here, you can see it advanced options here, you can see it advanced options here, you can see it plugged in the genre, art style, game plugged in the genre, art style, game plugged in the genre, art style, game mechanics, how do you win, how do you mechanics, how do you win, how do you mechanics, how do you win, how do you lose, all of that kind of stuff. And now lose, all of that kind of stuff. And now lose, all of that kind of stuff. And now we can just click next. And it's we can just click next. And it's we can just click next. And it's generating an image for our game. And generating an image for our game. And generating an image for our game. And here's what it generated. So, let's here's what it generated. So, let's here's what it generated. So, let's click create game world, and we're in. click create game world, and we're in. click create game world, and we're in. You must journey through a world You must journey through a world You must journey through a world reclaimed by colossal otherworldly flora reclaimed by colossal otherworldly flora reclaimed by colossal otherworldly flora and the lingering emotional echoes of a and the lingering emotional echoes of a and the lingering emotional echoes of a cataclysm, seeking scattered ancient cataclysm, seeking scattered ancient cataclysm, seeking scattered ancient relics to mend humanity's spiritual relics to mend humanity's spiritual relics to mend humanity's spiritual wounds. All right. What is the name of wounds. All right. What is the name of wounds. All right. What is the name of your character? Let's go, Mattius. Nice your character? Let's go, Mattius. Nice your character? Let's go, Mattius. Nice to meet you, Mattius. We can now to meet you, Mattius. We can now to meet you, Mattius. We can now generate your avatar. Upload an image generate your avatar. Upload an image generate your avatar. Upload an image for reference, or feel free to skip this for reference, or feel free to skip this for reference, or feel free to skip this step if you prefer not to. Yeah, sure. step if you prefer not to. Yeah, sure. step if you prefer not to. Yeah, sure. Let's upload a reference image. Give it Let's upload a reference image. Give it Let's upload a reference image. Give it my image here, and let's go ahead my image here, and let's go ahead my image here, and let's go ahead generate with image. Here's my game generate with image. Here's my game generate with image. Here's my game avatar that looks like me but in this avatar that looks like me but in this avatar that looks like me but in this world. Let's click continue. And now world. Let's click continue. And now world. Let's click continue. And now it's creating your world. My main quest it's creating your world. My main quest it's creating your world. My main quest is unite the heart shards. Seek and is unite the heart shards. Seek and is unite the heart shards. Seek and activate the ancient relics to mend activate the ancient relics to mend activate the ancient relics to mend humanity's spiritual wounds. And so we humanity's spiritual wounds. And so we humanity's spiritual wounds. And so we can see as we play through the game, it can see as we play through the game, it can see as we play through the game, it almost looks like a comic book. Your almost looks like a comic book. Your almost looks like a comic book. Your throat burns. Each breath a dry rasp throat burns. Each breath a dry rasp throat burns. Each breath a dry rasp against the still humid air. I start against the still humid air. I start against the still humid air. I start with plus 100 vitality, plus one water with plus 100 vitality, plus one water with plus 100 vitality, plus one water supply. The giant twisted roots of a supply. The giant twisted roots of a supply. The giant twisted roots of a verdant scar loom above, offering no verdant scar loom above, offering no verdant scar loom above, offering no shade. A distant shimmer catches your shade. A distant shimmer catches your shade. A distant shimmer catches your eye. A mirage of clear water in the dust eye. A mirage of clear water in the dust eye. A mirage of clear water in the dust choke distance. So, you can see how this choke distance. So, you can see how this choke distance. So, you can see how this is like basically the same concept as a is like basically the same concept as a is like basically the same concept as a textbased like adventure or fantasy textbased like adventure or fantasy textbased like adventure or fantasy game, except we get images to go along game, except we get images to go along game, except we get images to go along with it, so we don't have to like try to with it, so we don't have to like try to with it, so we don't have to like try to visualize it all in our head. A faint visualize it all in our head. A faint visualize it all in our head. A faint melancholic hum resonates from a crack melancholic hum resonates from a crack melancholic hum resonates from a crack in a nearby root, revealing a glimmering in a nearby root, revealing a glimmering in a nearby root, revealing a glimmering crystalline fragment. The shard pulses crystalline fragment. The shard pulses crystalline fragment. The shard pulses with a strange energy tugging at your with a strange energy tugging at your with a strange energy tugging at your spirit while your body craves water. spirit while your body craves water. spirit while your body craves water. Will you pursue the possible water or Will you pursue the possible water or Will you pursue the possible water or investigate the glowing shard? And then investigate the glowing shard? And then investigate the glowing shard? And then it gives me some options here or I can it gives me some options here or I can it gives me some options here or I can type in my own. Let's examine the shard. type in my own. Let's examine the shard. type in my own. Let's examine the shard. You move towards the pulsing light. The You move towards the pulsing light. The You move towards the pulsing light. The thirst in your throat temporarily thirst in your throat temporarily thirst in your throat temporarily forgotten. Now my water supply is minus forgotten. Now my water supply is minus forgotten. Now my water supply is minus one. As your fingers brush the shard, a one. As your fingers brush the shard, a one. As your fingers brush the shard, a wave of profound sorrow, then fleeting wave of profound sorrow, then fleeting wave of profound sorrow, then fleeting joy washes over you. I mean, this is joy washes over you. I mean, this is joy washes over you. I mean, this is really actually kind of fun, especially really actually kind of fun, especially really actually kind of fun, especially since it's like injecting me into the since it's like injecting me into the since it's like injecting me into the game and I'm seeing the images as I go. game and I'm seeing the images as I go. game and I'm seeing the images as I go. The shard vibrates. A faint whisper of The shard vibrates. A faint whisper of The shard vibrates. A faint whisper of laughter and song echo in your mind. laughter and song echo in your mind. laughter and song echo in your mind. Brief glimpses of a world that once was. Brief glimpses of a world that once was. Brief glimpses of a world that once was. It also seems like it could be a It also seems like it could be a It also seems like it could be a colossal time waster, but it's kind of colossal time waster, but it's kind of colossal time waster, but it's kind of fun. So, you get the idea. I'm not going fun. So, you get the idea. I'm not going fun. So, you get the idea. I'm not going to keep on playing here on this to keep on playing here on this to keep on playing here on this recording cuz I will probably just get recording cuz I will probably just get recording cuz I will probably just get lost in this world and get further and lost in this world and get further and lost in this world and get further and further sucked in, but this is super further sucked in, but this is super further sucked in, but this is super cool. Not like the most useful cool. Not like the most useful cool. Not like the most useful productive thing ever, but if you just productive thing ever, but if you just productive thing ever, but if you just want to kill some time and get lost in want to kill some time and get lost in want to kill some time and get lost in this fantasy game, this seems like a this fantasy game, this seems like a this fantasy game, this seems like a great way to do it. Since we're talking great way to do it. Since we're talking great way to do it. Since we're talking about Runway, they also rolled out some about Runway, they also rolled out some about Runway, they also rolled out some like quality of life features this week. like quality of life features this week. like quality of life features this week. Like they're adding third-party models Like they're adding third-party models Like they're adding third-party models directly inside of their chat mode. directly inside of their chat mode. directly inside of their chat mode. You'll be able to use VO3 inside of You'll be able to use VO3 inside of You'll be able to use VO3 inside of Runway. They've updated the way the chat Runway. They've updated the way the chat Runway. They've updated the way the chat looks so your chat stays on the left and looks so your chat stays on the left and looks so your chat stays on the left and all your generations on the right so you all your generations on the right so you all your generations on the right so you can, you know, see them both side by can, you know, see them both side by can, you know, see them both side by side as you have a conversation and side as you have a conversation and side as you have a conversation and improve your videos. And they're also improve your videos. And they're also improve your videos. And they're also bringing the Gen 4 image turbo mode to bringing the Gen 4 image turbo mode to bringing the Gen 4 image turbo mode to all users, which is a really, really all users, which is a really, really all users, which is a really, really fast model. 11 Labs dropped another fast model. 11 Labs dropped another fast model. 11 Labs dropped another feature update this week as well. This feature update this week as well. This feature update this week as well. This week they launched a new video to music week they launched a new video to music week they launched a new video to music flow in 11 Lab Studio. In one click, 11 flow in 11 Lab Studio. In one click, 11 flow in 11 Lab Studio. In one click, 11 Music model generates a custom Music model generates a custom Music model generates a custom soundtrack based on your video's soundtrack based on your video's soundtrack based on your video's context. After adding music, you can context. After adding music, you can context. After adding music, you can layer in voiceovers and sound effects layer in voiceovers and sound effects layer in voiceovers and sound effects directly inside of the studio. So, to directly inside of the studio. So, to directly inside of the studio. So, to me, this seems like it could potentially me, this seems like it could potentially me, this seems like it could potentially replace a lot of those like stock music replace a lot of those like stock music replace a lot of those like stock music websites. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. websites. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. websites. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. wait, wait, wait. wait, wait, wait. You give it a video and it figures out You give it a video and it figures out You give it a video and it figures out based on what's going on on the video based on what's going on on the video based on what's going on on the video what kind of background music will go what kind of background music will go what kind of background music will go with that video. Here's some examples with that video. Here's some examples with that video. Here's some examples like the music they put over this like like the music they put over this like like the music they put over this like raining on a leaf here. raining on a leaf here. raining on a leaf here. [Music] I believe they also added the like rain I believe they also added the like rain I believe they also added the like rain sound effects using 11 Labs. Here's sound effects using 11 Labs. Here's sound effects using 11 Labs. Here's another one. a sort of synth wave cyberpunk song for a sort of synth wave cyberpunk song for a sort of synth wave cyberpunk song for that video. Grand awinspiring outdoor that video. Grand awinspiring outdoor that video. Grand awinspiring outdoor scene [Music] and it figures all that out by just and it figures all that out by just and it figures all that out by just giving it a video. It's available to try giving it a video. It's available to try giving it a video. It's available to try over at 11labs.io/studio/videotomusic. But here you could just upload a video. But here you could just upload a video. But here you could just upload a video. Here's an AI generated video of me Here's an AI generated video of me Here's an AI generated video of me dancing. I wonder what it's going to do dancing. I wonder what it's going to do dancing. I wonder what it's going to do for this one. I'll just drop it in here. for this one. I'll just drop it in here. for this one. I'll just drop it in here. It's watching my video. And here's what It's watching my video. And here's what It's watching my video. And here's what it gave us. So, it knew it was kind of like a 70s So, it knew it was kind of like a 70s So, it knew it was kind of like a 70s vibe and it gave it sort of 70s vibe vibe and it gave it sort of 70s vibe vibe and it gave it sort of 70s vibe music. Pretty cool. What do you think? music. Pretty cool. What do you think? music. Pretty cool. What do you think? Are stock music websites in trouble? Are stock music websites in trouble? Are stock music websites in trouble? Google also updated their AI mode in Google also updated their AI mode in Google also updated their AI mode in search this week. Now it's got more search this week. Now it's got more search this week. Now it's got more agentic features. So the example they agentic features. So the example they agentic features. So the example they give here is you can now ask about give here is you can now ask about give here is you can now ask about getting a dinner reservation with getting a dinner reservation with getting a dinner reservation with friends that includes multiple friends that includes multiple friends that includes multiple constraints and preferences like party constraints and preferences like party constraints and preferences like party size, date, time, location, and size, date, time, location, and size, date, time, location, and preferred cuisine. Now this is a feature preferred cuisine. Now this is a feature preferred cuisine. Now this is a feature that needs to be turned on. So if you that needs to be turned on. So if you that needs to be turned on. So if you have access to Google Labs, you'd click have access to Google Labs, you'd click have access to Google Labs, you'd click on this little search labs button and on this little search labs button and on this little search labs button and then make sure you have AI mode turned then make sure you have AI mode turned then make sure you have AI mode turned on and then you can try AI mode. But on and then you can try AI mode. But on and then you can try AI mode. But let's try something like find me a nice let's try something like find me a nice let's try something like find me a nice restaurant in downtown San Diego for restaurant in downtown San Diego for restaurant in downtown San Diego for Saturday night that serves sushi and can Saturday night that serves sushi and can Saturday night that serves sushi and can seat up to 8:00. We want to eat sometime seat up to 8:00. We want to eat sometime seat up to 8:00. We want to eat sometime between 6:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. and it between 6:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. and it between 6:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. and it should be somewhat close to the should be somewhat close to the should be somewhat close to the ballpark. So, we can walk to the game. ballpark. So, we can walk to the game. ballpark. So, we can walk to the game. So, if I give it all of that information So, if I give it all of that information So, if I give it all of that information and send it, let's see what happens. And and send it, let's see what happens. And and send it, let's see what happens. And we can see that it found me a bunch of we can see that it found me a bunch of we can see that it found me a bunch of sushi restaurants with high ratings sushi restaurants with high ratings sushi restaurants with high ratings downtown. It looked for them near Petco downtown. It looked for them near Petco downtown. It looked for them near Petco Park. And then down at the bottom, to Park. And then down at the bottom, to Park. And then down at the bottom, to ensure seating for a group of eight, ensure seating for a group of eight, ensure seating for a group of eight, it's recommended to make a reservation, it's recommended to make a reservation, it's recommended to make a reservation, especially since you plan to dine on a especially since you plan to dine on a especially since you plan to dine on a Saturday night. So, I mean, it did find Saturday night. So, I mean, it did find Saturday night. So, I mean, it did find all the information for me, but it all the information for me, but it all the information for me, but it didn't like take a ton of actions on my didn't like take a ton of actions on my didn't like take a ton of actions on my behalf. It just sort of pulled all that behalf. It just sort of pulled all that behalf. It just sort of pulled all that information together for me and gave me information together for me and gave me information together for me and gave me a good response. There's also a new like a good response. There's also a new like a good response. There's also a new like quality of life feature inside of Google quality of life feature inside of Google quality of life feature inside of Google Docs where you can actually have it read Docs where you can actually have it read Docs where you can actually have it read the doc to you with a AI voice. So, if I the doc to you with a AI voice. So, if I the doc to you with a AI voice. So, if I open up a Google Doc here and I come up open up a Google Doc here and I come up open up a Google Doc here and I come up to my tools menu, there's a new option to my tools menu, there's a new option to my tools menu, there's a new option for audio and I can say listen to this for audio and I can say listen to this for audio and I can say listen to this tab. Now, I believe this is only rolled tab. Now, I believe this is only rolled tab. Now, I believe this is only rolled out on the pro and ultra plans. Like, I out on the pro and ultra plans. Like, I out on the pro and ultra plans. Like, I think you need to have one of Google's think you need to have one of Google's think you need to have one of Google's paid plans to be able to use this. I'm paid plans to be able to use this. I'm paid plans to be able to use this. I'm not 100% sure, but I believe I remember not 100% sure, but I believe I remember not 100% sure, but I believe I remember reading that it's only on the paid plans reading that it's only on the paid plans reading that it's only on the paid plans for right now. But, we can go ahead and for right now. But, we can go ahead and for right now. But, we can go ahead and click listen to this tab. click listen to this tab. click listen to this tab. The practicality index, a blueprint for The practicality index, a blueprint for The practicality index, a blueprint for benchmarking the real world utility of benchmarking the real world utility of benchmarking the real world utility of large language models. Introduction. the large language models. Introduction. the large language models. Introduction. the practicality gap in LLM evaluation. practicality gap in LLM evaluation. practicality gap in LLM evaluation. So, we can see that it's actually a So, we can see that it's actually a So, we can see that it's actually a pretty human sounding voice. It doesn't pretty human sounding voice. It doesn't pretty human sounding voice. It doesn't sound like an old robotic AI voice. It sound like an old robotic AI voice. It sound like an old robotic AI voice. It sounds like a real human reading it. And sounds like a real human reading it. And sounds like a real human reading it. And pretty good quality. We also have the pretty good quality. We also have the pretty good quality. We also have the ability to change the voice to a ability to change the voice to a ability to change the voice to a narrator, an educator, a teacher, a narrator, an educator, a teacher, a narrator, an educator, a teacher, a persuader, an explainer, or a coach. So, persuader, an explainer, or a coach. So, persuader, an explainer, or a coach. So, if I switch it to coach for instance, if I switch it to coach for instance, if I switch it to coach for instance, select that. select that. select that. The practicality index, a blueprint for The practicality index, a blueprint for The practicality index, a blueprint for we get audio that is a slightly we get audio that is a slightly we get audio that is a slightly different voice. So, a pretty handy different voice. So, a pretty handy different voice. So, a pretty handy feature if you want your documents read feature if you want your documents read feature if you want your documents read to you. There's also some new AI to you. There's also some new AI to you. There's also some new AI features inside of Adobe Acrobat, which features inside of Adobe Acrobat, which features inside of Adobe Acrobat, which can help you do cool AI stuff with your can help you do cool AI stuff with your can help you do cool AI stuff with your PDFs. I do believe you have to have like PDFs. I do believe you have to have like PDFs. I do believe you have to have like a Google Cloud membership to be able to a Google Cloud membership to be able to a Google Cloud membership to be able to use this, but they have a new feature use this, but they have a new feature use this, but they have a new feature called PDF spaces, which allows you to called PDF spaces, which allows you to called PDF spaces, which allows you to have conversations with your PDFs. It'll have conversations with your PDFs. It'll have conversations with your PDFs. It'll allow you to easily pull data and allow you to easily pull data and allow you to easily pull data and information from PDFs and things like information from PDFs and things like information from PDFs and things like that. So, if I bust open my Adobe that. So, if I bust open my Adobe that. So, if I bust open my Adobe Acrobat here, you can see over on the Acrobat here, you can see over on the Acrobat here, you can see over on the left there's a PDF spaces link. If I left there's a PDF spaces link. If I left there's a PDF spaces link. If I click into here, this is the new PDF click into here, this is the new PDF click into here, this is the new PDF spaces feature. I'll pull in this ebook spaces feature. I'll pull in this ebook spaces feature. I'll pull in this ebook called Mastering LLM as a judge. Just called Mastering LLM as a judge. Just called Mastering LLM as a judge. Just drag it right in here. Opens it up in drag it right in here. Opens it up in drag it right in here. Opens it up in Adobe. I'm going to click add to PDF Adobe. I'm going to click add to PDF Adobe. I'm going to click add to PDF space. And we can see that similar to space. And we can see that similar to space. And we can see that similar to like notebook LM, it pulled in a bunch like notebook LM, it pulled in a bunch like notebook LM, it pulled in a bunch of information that it grabbed from this of information that it grabbed from this of information that it grabbed from this PDF here, including even making like a PDF here, including even making like a PDF here, including even making like a little table of details from the PDF. little table of details from the PDF. little table of details from the PDF. And then there's various assistants. We And then there's various assistants. We And then there's various assistants. We can see choose an assistant. Down on the can see choose an assistant. Down on the can see choose an assistant. Down on the bottom, you have an analyst, an bottom, you have an analyst, an bottom, you have an analyst, an entertainer, and an instructor. And I entertainer, and an instructor. And I entertainer, and an instructor. And I could do things like put it on could do things like put it on could do things like put it on entertainer. And it seems to reconfigure entertainer. And it seems to reconfigure entertainer. And it seems to reconfigure all of this content here for a more all of this content here for a more all of this content here for a more entertaining read. LLMs can be like a entertaining read. LLMs can be like a entertaining read. LLMs can be like a mysterious magician. Impressive, but mysterious magician. Impressive, but mysterious magician. Impressive, but you're left wondering how they pulled you're left wondering how they pulled you're left wondering how they pulled off the trick. So, just another way for off the trick. So, just another way for off the trick. So, just another way for you to interact with your PDFs directly you to interact with your PDFs directly you to interact with your PDFs directly with inside of Adobe and quickly pull with inside of Adobe and quickly pull with inside of Adobe and quickly pull out details. especially good for longer out details. especially good for longer out details. especially good for longer PDFs or more complicated technical PDFs. PDFs or more complicated technical PDFs. PDFs or more complicated technical PDFs. This week was also Google's annual made This week was also Google's annual made This week was also Google's annual made by Google event. This is like Google's by Google event. This is like Google's by Google event. This is like Google's annual hardware event where they annual hardware event where they annual hardware event where they announce all the latest things they've announce all the latest things they've announce all the latest things they've done with like their Pixel phones and done with like their Pixel phones and done with like their Pixel phones and things like that. And of course, since things like that. And of course, since things like that. And of course, since it's Google, everything rolled out with it's Google, everything rolled out with it's Google, everything rolled out with AI. Now, I'm not going to get super deep AI. Now, I'm not going to get super deep AI. Now, I'm not going to get super deep into everything they announced at this into everything they announced at this into everything they announced at this made by Google event because there was a made by Google event because there was a made by Google event because there was a lot and I don't really think we need to lot and I don't really think we need to lot and I don't really think we need to get into the details about what all of get into the details about what all of get into the details about what all of these various phones and watches do. But these various phones and watches do. But these various phones and watches do. But I will give you a quick TLDDR of the I will give you a quick TLDDR of the I will give you a quick TLDDR of the various like AI stuff that they've added various like AI stuff that they've added various like AI stuff that they've added into these gadgets. And the people that into these gadgets. And the people that into these gadgets. And the people that got to demo this stuff are absolutely got to demo this stuff are absolutely got to demo this stuff are absolutely raving about how good the AI has gotten raving about how good the AI has gotten raving about how good the AI has gotten inside of these various Google Pixel inside of these various Google Pixel inside of these various Google Pixel products. So, they showed off their new products. So, they showed off their new products. So, they showed off their new Pixel 10 phone. It's got a new chip in Pixel 10 phone. It's got a new chip in Pixel 10 phone. It's got a new chip in it, a Tensor G5 chip, and it was it, a Tensor G5 chip, and it was it, a Tensor G5 chip, and it was co-designed with Google Deep Mind with co-designed with Google Deep Mind with co-designed with Google Deep Mind with the Gemini Nano model sort of at the the Gemini Nano model sort of at the the Gemini Nano model sort of at the forefront. So, these phones are forefront. So, these phones are forefront. So, these phones are basically built from the ground up for basically built from the ground up for basically built from the ground up for ondevice AI, which is something that I ondevice AI, which is something that I ondevice AI, which is something that I think a lot of people really, really think a lot of people really, really think a lot of people really, really want. They don't want to send their want. They don't want to send their want. They don't want to send their prompts off to the cloud and wait for a prompts off to the cloud and wait for a prompts off to the cloud and wait for a response. If we can get more of this on response. If we can get more of this on response. If we can get more of this on device, that's obviously better. And device, that's obviously better. And device, that's obviously better. And these phones have a feature called Magic these phones have a feature called Magic these phones have a feature called Magic Q. And this isn't an app. It's something Q. And this isn't an app. It's something Q. And this isn't an app. It's something that's just always running on your that's just always running on your that's just always running on your phone. And it's basically letting the AI phone. And it's basically letting the AI phone. And it's basically letting the AI see what's going on on your phone so it see what's going on on your phone so it see what's going on on your phone so it can give you advice and feedback and can give you advice and feedback and can give you advice and feedback and help you jump around to different things help you jump around to different things help you jump around to different things on the phone. So, one of the examples on the phone. So, one of the examples on the phone. So, one of the examples they gave in their demo was somebody they gave in their demo was somebody they gave in their demo was somebody texted them and said, you know, where texted them and said, you know, where texted them and said, you know, where was the location of that concert we're was the location of that concert we're was the location of that concert we're going last week? Well, in their text going last week? Well, in their text going last week? Well, in their text message app, the AI read the text message app, the AI read the text message app, the AI read the text message, went and figured out where the message, went and figured out where the message, went and figured out where the location of whatever concert it was was, location of whatever concert it was was, location of whatever concert it was was, and then put it into the send box so and then put it into the send box so and then put it into the send box so they can just press one button and send they can just press one button and send they can just press one button and send the location without the user actually the location without the user actually the location without the user actually having to go and look around in their having to go and look around in their having to go and look around in their calendar and, you know, find locations calendar and, you know, find locations calendar and, you know, find locations and stuff. Google just sort of connected and stuff. Google just sort of connected and stuff. Google just sort of connected the dots for them. So they can just the dots for them. So they can just the dots for them. So they can just one-click reply with the answer because one-click reply with the answer because one-click reply with the answer because the information was already on the phone the information was already on the phone the information was already on the phone and the AI was able to sort of locate it and the AI was able to sort of locate it and the AI was able to sort of locate it and pull it forward for them. And this and pull it forward for them. And this and pull it forward for them. And this feature is sort of crossplatform, cross feature is sort of crossplatform, cross feature is sort of crossplatform, cross app and is just understanding the app and is just understanding the app and is just understanding the context of what's going on in your context of what's going on in your context of what's going on in your phone. And this is something I wish phone. And this is something I wish phone. And this is something I wish iPhones have cuz my main daily driver iPhones have cuz my main daily driver iPhones have cuz my main daily driver phone is an iPhone and I really want phone is an iPhone and I really want phone is an iPhone and I really want this feature. It looks really good. They this feature. It looks really good. They this feature. It looks really good. They also show off this feature in the camera also show off this feature in the camera also show off this feature in the camera app where it can look at your photo and app where it can look at your photo and app where it can look at your photo and actually give you advice on how to get a actually give you advice on how to get a actually give you advice on how to get a better photo while you're actually in better photo while you're actually in better photo while you're actually in the process of taking the photo. You can the process of taking the photo. You can the process of taking the photo. You can see ask the person to look at the camera see ask the person to look at the camera see ask the person to look at the camera to create a more engaging and personal to create a more engaging and personal to create a more engaging and personal photo. So, it's giving you advice on photo. So, it's giving you advice on photo. So, it's giving you advice on what to tell the person to do. Move what to tell the person to do. Move what to tell the person to do. Move closer to the person and the sculpture. closer to the person and the sculpture. closer to the person and the sculpture. Lower the camera slightly. And it just Lower the camera slightly. And it just Lower the camera slightly. And it just gives you instructions until it dials in gives you instructions until it dials in gives you instructions until it dials in on what it thinks will be the best photo on what it thinks will be the best photo on what it thinks will be the best photo for you to take. And here was the for you to take. And here was the for you to take. And here was the resulting photo, which looks like a resulting photo, which looks like a resulting photo, which looks like a pretty decent composition. They also pretty decent composition. They also pretty decent composition. They also showed off that the phones can have showed off that the phones can have showed off that the phones can have realtime voice translation. So you could realtime voice translation. So you could realtime voice translation. So you could talk to anybody in any other language talk to anybody in any other language talk to anybody in any other language and it will automatically translate it and it will automatically translate it and it will automatically translate it on the fly in real time. That's insane. on the fly in real time. That's insane. on the fly in real time. That's insane. Voice translate works when translating Voice translate works when translating Voice translate works when translating from English with Spanish, German, from English with Spanish, German, from English with Spanish, German, Japanese, French, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, French, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, French, Hindi, Italian, Portuguese, Swedish, Russian, and Portuguese, Swedish, Russian, and Portuguese, Swedish, Russian, and Indonesian. That is just wild to me that Indonesian. That is just wild to me that Indonesian. That is just wild to me that I can just call somebody in Russia and I can just call somebody in Russia and I can just call somebody in Russia and have a conversation with them. They'll have a conversation with them. They'll have a conversation with them. They'll hear me in my voice speaking Russian and hear me in my voice speaking Russian and hear me in my voice speaking Russian and I'll hear them and their voice sounding I'll hear them and their voice sounding I'll hear them and their voice sounding like they're speaking English. Crazy. like they're speaking English. Crazy. like they're speaking English. Crazy. They also showed off that you can edit They also showed off that you can edit They also showed off that you can edit images with just text prompts. So you images with just text prompts. So you images with just text prompts. So you can see remove the glare right in the can see remove the glare right in the can see remove the glare right in the photo, etc. And then it goes and fixes photo, etc. And then it goes and fixes photo, etc. And then it goes and fixes the photos based on their text prompt. the photos based on their text prompt. the photos based on their text prompt. And a lot of people believe that this is And a lot of people believe that this is And a lot of people believe that this is using that new nano banana technology using that new nano banana technology using that new nano banana technology from Google, but that hasn't been from Google, but that hasn't been from Google, but that hasn't been confirmed. It just seems like that's confirmed. It just seems like that's confirmed. It just seems like that's most likely. It can restore old photos most likely. It can restore old photos most likely. It can restore old photos and colorize them just like what we were and colorize them just like what we were and colorize them just like what we were looking at Nano Banana. And it gives looking at Nano Banana. And it gives looking at Nano Banana. And it gives those like Photoshop style editing those like Photoshop style editing those like Photoshop style editing features to change the image however you features to change the image however you features to change the image however you want directly inside of your phone. Like want directly inside of your phone. Like want directly inside of your phone. Like a lot of the features they showed off a lot of the features they showed off a lot of the features they showed off could cause me to switch to the Pixel could cause me to switch to the Pixel could cause me to switch to the Pixel phone as my full-time daily driver cuz phone as my full-time daily driver cuz phone as my full-time daily driver cuz it's all really cool stuff. They also it's all really cool stuff. They also it's all really cool stuff. They also rolled out the Pixel Buds 2A which allow rolled out the Pixel Buds 2A which allow rolled out the Pixel Buds 2A which allow you to talk with Gemini even without you to talk with Gemini even without you to talk with Gemini even without taking out your phone. These to me look taking out your phone. These to me look taking out your phone. These to me look just like the little earbuds they have just like the little earbuds they have just like the little earbuds they have in the movie Her, which is probably kind in the movie Her, which is probably kind in the movie Her, which is probably kind of what they're going for. And all you of what they're going for. And all you of what they're going for. And all you have to do is say and you're talking have to do is say and you're talking have to do is say and you're talking with Gemini. They showed off the Pixel with Gemini. They showed off the Pixel with Gemini. They showed off the Pixel Watch 4 and it now has a personal AI Watch 4 and it now has a personal AI Watch 4 and it now has a personal AI health coach. It provides proactive health coach. It provides proactive health coach. It provides proactive fitness and sleep coaching and ondemand fitness and sleep coaching and ondemand fitness and sleep coaching and ondemand guidance. And of course, it also has guidance. And of course, it also has guidance. And of course, it also has Gemini, your on- wrist AI assistant. So, Gemini, your on- wrist AI assistant. So, Gemini, your on- wrist AI assistant. So, a lot of the stuff you can do with a lot of the stuff you can do with a lot of the stuff you can do with Gemini, you'll be able to do directly Gemini, you'll be able to do directly Gemini, you'll be able to do directly from these watches. and the same AI from these watches. and the same AI from these watches. and the same AI features and health coach that went to features and health coach that went to features and health coach that went to that watch, they're also coming to that watch, they're also coming to that watch, they're also coming to Fitbit. So, if you don't want to get the Fitbit. So, if you don't want to get the Fitbit. So, if you don't want to get the full watch and the full watch full watch and the full watch full watch and the full watch experience, but you do want that fitness experience, but you do want that fitness experience, but you do want that fitness and health coach, well, you'll be able and health coach, well, you'll be able and health coach, well, you'll be able to get it inside of the new Fitbits to get it inside of the new Fitbits to get it inside of the new Fitbits pretty soon. They also announced a pretty soon. They also announced a pretty soon. They also announced a Gemini for Home. So, your Google Home Gemini for Home. So, your Google Home Gemini for Home. So, your Google Home devices are going to have Gemini built devices are going to have Gemini built devices are going to have Gemini built into them. And they made some updates to into them. And they made some updates to into them. And they made some updates to Gemini Live where it will actually give Gemini Live where it will actually give Gemini Live where it will actually give you on-screen cues. Like, they took a you on-screen cues. Like, they took a you on-screen cues. Like, they took a picture here and said, "What seasoning picture here and said, "What seasoning picture here and said, "What seasoning do I use?" and it actually circled the do I use?" and it actually circled the do I use?" and it actually circled the spot on the picture for him. They showed spot on the picture for him. They showed spot on the picture for him. They showed the camera some like wrenches and asked the camera some like wrenches and asked the camera some like wrenches and asked which one to use and it highlighted the which one to use and it highlighted the which one to use and it highlighted the wrench to use. They're also making it wrench to use. They're also making it wrench to use. They're also making it connect to more Google apps, Google connect to more Google apps, Google connect to more Google apps, Google Calendar, Keep and Tasks are both Calendar, Keep and Tasks are both Calendar, Keep and Tasks are both available today and soon. Messages, available today and soon. Messages, available today and soon. Messages, phone and clock apps. So, a lot of the phone and clock apps. So, a lot of the phone and clock apps. So, a lot of the apps that are on your phone that are in apps that are on your phone that are in apps that are on your phone that are in the Google ecosystem are all going to the Google ecosystem are all going to the Google ecosystem are all going to start to tie together a little bit start to tie together a little bit start to tie together a little bit better using AI. And that's pretty much better using AI. And that's pretty much better using AI. And that's pretty much the quick TLDDR of all of the cool sort the quick TLDDR of all of the cool sort the quick TLDDR of all of the cool sort of AI gadgetry that came out of Made by of AI gadgetry that came out of Made by of AI gadgetry that came out of Made by Google. I know I've shared a lot Google. I know I've shared a lot Google. I know I've shared a lot already, but there's a few smaller items already, but there's a few smaller items already, but there's a few smaller items that I want to put on your radar and that I want to put on your radar and that I want to put on your radar and share with you. So, let's jump into a share with you. So, let's jump into a share with you. So, let's jump into a quick rapid fire and I will fire off the quick rapid fire and I will fire off the quick rapid fire and I will fire off the rest for you real quick. We got a few new large language models We got a few new large language models We got a few new large language models that you can use this week. Deepseek has that you can use this week. Deepseek has that you can use this week. Deepseek has a new version 3.1 with 685 billion a new version 3.1 with 685 billion a new version 3.1 with 685 billion parameters. So, it's a big big model. parameters. So, it's a big big model. parameters. So, it's a big big model. You can make it think or turn off the You can make it think or turn off the You can make it think or turn off the thinking mode. It's apparently really thinking mode. It's apparently really thinking mode. It's apparently really really fast. And you can use it over at really fast. And you can use it over at really fast. And you can use it over at chat.deseek.com. chat.deseek.com. chat.deseek.com. I haven't personally tested this one I haven't personally tested this one I haven't personally tested this one yet, but I've heard very good things. yet, but I've heard very good things. yet, but I've heard very good things. I've heard it's a very very impressive I've heard it's a very very impressive I've heard it's a very very impressive model. It's got 128,000 token context model. It's got 128,000 token context model. It's got 128,000 token context window and seems to score pretty well on window and seems to score pretty well on window and seems to score pretty well on all of the various benchmarks. So, looks all of the various benchmarks. So, looks all of the various benchmarks. So, looks like another solid model. Another model like another solid model. Another model like another solid model. Another model came out of China this week as well from came out of China this week as well from came out of China this week as well from Bite Dance, the company behind Tik Tok Bite Dance, the company behind Tik Tok Bite Dance, the company behind Tik Tok called Seed OSS 36B. So, it's a 36 called Seed OSS 36B. So, it's a 36 called Seed OSS 36B. So, it's a 36 billion parameter model, but it has a billion parameter model, but it has a billion parameter model, but it has a 512,000 512,000 512,000 token context window, which is really, token context window, which is really, token context window, which is really, really impressive for an open source really impressive for an open source really impressive for an open source openweight model. Again, I haven't openweight model. Again, I haven't openweight model. Again, I haven't tested this model myself, but I want to tested this model myself, but I want to tested this model myself, but I want to make you aware of all of the newest make you aware of all of the newest make you aware of all of the newest large language models that are dropping. large language models that are dropping. large language models that are dropping. And finally, the other model that And finally, the other model that And finally, the other model that dropped this week was from Nvidia called dropped this week was from Nvidia called dropped this week was from Nvidia called Neotron Nano 9B version 2, which also Neotron Nano 9B version 2, which also Neotron Nano 9B version 2, which also has the ability to toggle on and off has the ability to toggle on and off has the ability to toggle on and off reasoning. The model also appears to be reasoning. The model also appears to be reasoning. The model also appears to be fairly open. So, it says here, "The Nano fairly open. So, it says here, "The Nano fairly open. So, it says here, "The Nano 9B V2 model is released under the Nvidia 9B V2 model is released under the Nvidia 9B V2 model is released under the Nvidia open model license agreement. It's open model license agreement. It's open model license agreement. It's designed to be permissive and designed to be permissive and designed to be permissive and enterprisefriendly. NVIDIA explicitly enterprisefriendly. NVIDIA explicitly enterprisefriendly. NVIDIA explicitly states that the models are commercially states that the models are commercially states that the models are commercially usable out of the box and that usable out of the box and that usable out of the box and that developers are free to create and developers are free to create and developers are free to create and distribute derivative models. So you can distribute derivative models. So you can distribute derivative models. So you can use this basically as if it was an open- use this basically as if it was an open- use this basically as if it was an open- source openweight model. We got a few source openweight model. We got a few source openweight model. We got a few updates out of OpenAI this week. updates out of OpenAI this week. updates out of OpenAI this week. Apparently they made GPT5 warmer and Apparently they made GPT5 warmer and Apparently they made GPT5 warmer and friendlier based on feedback. So there's friendlier based on feedback. So there's friendlier based on feedback. So there's small genuine touches like good question small genuine touches like good question small genuine touches like good question and great start. Not flattery but just a and great start. Not flattery but just a and great start. Not flattery but just a little bit friendlier I guess. And the little bit friendlier I guess. And the little bit friendlier I guess. And the comments on this thread are, "Nobody comments on this thread are, "Nobody comments on this thread are, "Nobody wants that. Just let us pick between our wants that. Just let us pick between our wants that. Just let us pick between our models again." It's kind of funny. models again." It's kind of funny. models again." It's kind of funny. OpenAI just can't win. Everybody hated OpenAI just can't win. Everybody hated OpenAI just can't win. Everybody hated the fact that there was so many models the fact that there was so many models the fact that there was so many models and they had to pick which model they and they had to pick which model they and they had to pick which model they needed to use and nobody knew which needed to use and nobody knew which needed to use and nobody knew which model to use. So, they rolled out GPT5 model to use. So, they rolled out GPT5 model to use. So, they rolled out GPT5 which basically picked the model for you which basically picked the model for you which basically picked the model for you and everybody hated the fact that their and everybody hated the fact that their and everybody hated the fact that their old models that they loved went away. old models that they loved went away. old models that they loved went away. OpenAI brought back the old models and OpenAI brought back the old models and OpenAI brought back the old models and then started to tweak GPT5 to be more then started to tweak GPT5 to be more then started to tweak GPT5 to be more friendly like the old models and friendly like the old models and friendly like the old models and everybody went, "No, don't do that. Just everybody went, "No, don't do that. Just everybody went, "No, don't do that. Just give us GPT5 the way it is, but also let give us GPT5 the way it is, but also let give us GPT5 the way it is, but also let us have our old models." So, it's like us have our old models." So, it's like us have our old models." So, it's like OpenAI just can't seem to win. OpenAI just can't seem to win. OpenAI just can't seem to win. Interestingly, even though GBT5 is only Interestingly, even though GBT5 is only Interestingly, even though GBT5 is only a couple weeks old at this point, we're a couple weeks old at this point, we're a couple weeks old at this point, we're already talking about GPT6. Sam Alman is already talking about GPT6. Sam Alman is already talking about GPT6. Sam Alman is claiming that it's coming faster than claiming that it's coming faster than claiming that it's coming faster than most people realize. And it seems like a most people realize. And it seems like a most people realize. And it seems like a big focus of this one is enhanced big focus of this one is enhanced big focus of this one is enhanced memory. Sam Alman didn't give a release memory. Sam Alman didn't give a release memory. Sam Alman didn't give a release date for his company's next artificial date for his company's next artificial date for his company's next artificial intelligence model, but he made clear intelligence model, but he made clear intelligence model, but he made clear that GPT6 will be different and that it that GPT6 will be different and that it that GPT6 will be different and that it will arrive faster than the gap between will arrive faster than the gap between will arrive faster than the gap between GPT4 and GPT 5. It won't just respond to GPT4 and GPT 5. It won't just respond to GPT4 and GPT 5. It won't just respond to users, but will adapt to them and allow users, but will adapt to them and allow users, but will adapt to them and allow people to create chat bots that mirror people to create chat bots that mirror people to create chat bots that mirror personal tastes. He sees memory as the personal tastes. He sees memory as the personal tastes. He sees memory as the key for making chat GPT truly personal. key for making chat GPT truly personal. key for making chat GPT truly personal. It needs to remember who you are, your It needs to remember who you are, your It needs to remember who you are, your preferences, routines, quirks, and adapt preferences, routines, quirks, and adapt preferences, routines, quirks, and adapt accordingly. So, the future models of accordingly. So, the future models of accordingly. So, the future models of chat GPT, we actually talked about this chat GPT, we actually talked about this chat GPT, we actually talked about this when I made my videos about GPT5. The when I made my videos about GPT5. The when I made my videos about GPT5. The future is everybody's going to have like future is everybody's going to have like future is everybody's going to have like their own version of chat GPT. when I their own version of chat GPT. when I their own version of chat GPT. when I log into my chat GPT account and have log into my chat GPT account and have log into my chat GPT account and have conversations with it, it's going to conversations with it, it's going to conversations with it, it's going to respond to me completely differently respond to me completely differently respond to me completely differently than how it would respond to you inside than how it would respond to you inside than how it would respond to you inside of your chat GPT account because it's of your chat GPT account because it's of your chat GPT account because it's going to remember what you like, your going to remember what you like, your going to remember what you like, your preferences, the way you want it to preferences, the way you want it to preferences, the way you want it to respond to you and things like that. And respond to you and things like that. And respond to you and things like that. And they're just going to get more and more they're just going to get more and more they're just going to get more and more and more tailored to exactly what you and more tailored to exactly what you and more tailored to exactly what you want chat GBT to be for you. And it want chat GBT to be for you. And it want chat GBT to be for you. And it sounds like that's the big goal with sounds like that's the big goal with sounds like that's the big goal with GPT6. Take this with a grain of salt, GPT6. Take this with a grain of salt, GPT6. Take this with a grain of salt, but Sam Alman also believes that we're but Sam Alman also believes that we're but Sam Alman also believes that we're currently in a bubble in the AI world. currently in a bubble in the AI world. currently in a bubble in the AI world. He said, "If you look at most of the He said, "If you look at most of the He said, "If you look at most of the bubbles in history, like the tech bubbles in history, like the tech bubbles in history, like the tech bubble, there was a real thing. Tech was bubble, there was a real thing. Tech was bubble, there was a real thing. Tech was really important. The internet was a really important. The internet was a really important. The internet was a really big deal. People got over really big deal. People got over really big deal. People got over excited. Are we in a phase where excited. Are we in a phase where excited. Are we in a phase where investors as a whole are over excited investors as a whole are over excited investors as a whole are over excited about AI?" My opinion is yes. Is AI the about AI?" My opinion is yes. Is AI the about AI?" My opinion is yes. Is AI the most important thing to happen in a very most important thing to happen in a very most important thing to happen in a very long time? My opinion is also yes. So, long time? My opinion is also yes. So, long time? My opinion is also yes. So, he's kind of comparing it to the he's kind of comparing it to the he's kind of comparing it to the internet bubble. does think that it will internet bubble. does think that it will internet bubble. does think that it will probably crash and valuations will probably crash and valuations will probably crash and valuations will probably go down. At least that's my probably go down. At least that's my probably go down. At least that's my take on this. However, even though there take on this. However, even though there take on this. However, even though there was the internet bubble and then it was the internet bubble and then it was the internet bubble and then it crashed, it's not like the internet went crashed, it's not like the internet went crashed, it's not like the internet went away and there weren't still some big away and there weren't still some big away and there weren't still some big winners to come out of it. And well, winners to come out of it. And well, winners to come out of it. And well, this will likely be the same. Again, this will likely be the same. Again, this will likely be the same. Again, that's my take on what Sam's saying. that's my take on what Sam's saying. that's my take on what Sam's saying. Microsoft is rolling their co-pilot Microsoft is rolling their co-pilot Microsoft is rolling their co-pilot directly into Excel. I have the newest directly into Excel. I have the newest directly into Excel. I have the newest beta version of Excel and I don't have beta version of Excel and I don't have beta version of Excel and I don't have it yet. Even though the report here says it yet. Even though the report here says it yet. Even though the report here says that I should have it in my account by that I should have it in my account by that I should have it in my account by now, but apparently you'll be able to now, but apparently you'll be able to now, but apparently you'll be able to type in a command like equals copilot type in a command like equals copilot type in a command like equals copilot and then have it actually do a bunch of and then have it actually do a bunch of and then have it actually do a bunch of stuff for you. Copilot list airport stuff for you. Copilot list airport stuff for you. Copilot list airport codes from major airports in E3. E3 is codes from major airports in E3. E3 is codes from major airports in E3. E3 is USA. And you can see it automatically USA. And you can see it automatically USA. And you can see it automatically filled in a bunch of airport codes. They filled in a bunch of airport codes. They filled in a bunch of airport codes. They change it to Australia. Fills in a bunch change it to Australia. Fills in a bunch change it to Australia. Fills in a bunch of airport codes from Australia. They of airport codes from Australia. They of airport codes from Australia. They built that all using Copilot. Here's built that all using Copilot. Here's built that all using Copilot. Here's another one where they put a bunch of another one where they put a bunch of another one where they put a bunch of feedback in a list and then they gave it feedback in a list and then they gave it feedback in a list and then they gave it a prompt of what is the sentiment of the a prompt of what is the sentiment of the a prompt of what is the sentiment of the comment over on the left and then it comment over on the left and then it comment over on the left and then it figured out if it was positive or figured out if it was positive or figured out if it was positive or negative and they were able to drag and negative and they were able to drag and negative and they were able to drag and drop that sort of code all the way down drop that sort of code all the way down drop that sort of code all the way down and it automatically, you know, figured and it automatically, you know, figured and it automatically, you know, figured out the sentiment of all of these out the sentiment of all of these out the sentiment of all of these comments. So, seems like it'd be a comments. So, seems like it'd be a comments. So, seems like it'd be a pretty handy feature once we can pretty handy feature once we can pretty handy feature once we can actually use it. Their article here does actually use it. Their article here does actually use it. Their article here does say it's rolling out to beta channel say it's rolling out to beta channel say it's rolling out to beta channel users with a 365 Copilot license, which users with a 365 Copilot license, which users with a 365 Copilot license, which I do have. I was trying to test it on I do have. I was trying to test it on I do have. I was trying to test it on the Mac version, and I do have 16.101, the Mac version, and I do have 16.101, the Mac version, and I do have 16.101, and it didn't work for me yet. So, I and it didn't work for me yet. So, I and it didn't work for me yet. So, I don't know if I was doing something don't know if I was doing something don't know if I was doing something wrong or if it isn't fully rolled out wrong or if it isn't fully rolled out wrong or if it isn't fully rolled out yet, but it looks like it will be pretty yet, but it looks like it will be pretty yet, but it looks like it will be pretty cool once it's available. Grammarly is cool once it's available. Grammarly is cool once it's available. Grammarly is rolling out some new AI features which rolling out some new AI features which rolling out some new AI features which will help with teachers grading and will help with teachers grading and will help with teachers grading and students writing. Students today need AI students writing. Students today need AI students writing. Students today need AI that enhances their capabilities without that enhances their capabilities without that enhances their capabilities without undermining their learning. Grammarly's undermining their learning. Grammarly's undermining their learning. Grammarly's new agents fill this gap, acting as real new agents fill this gap, acting as real new agents fill this gap, acting as real partners that guide students to produce partners that guide students to produce partners that guide students to produce better work while ensuring they develop better work while ensuring they develop better work while ensuring they develop real skills that will serve them real skills that will serve them real skills that will serve them throughout their careers by teaching throughout their careers by teaching throughout their careers by teaching students how to work effectively with students how to work effectively with students how to work effectively with AI. Now, we're preparing them for a AI. Now, we're preparing them for a AI. Now, we're preparing them for a workplace where AI literacy will be workplace where AI literacy will be workplace where AI literacy will be essential. So, we can see in the demo essential. So, we can see in the demo essential. So, we can see in the demo here, it added like a sidebar and I here, it added like a sidebar and I here, it added like a sidebar and I believe this is like helping them grade believe this is like helping them grade believe this is like helping them grade this paper. see predict a grade and it's this paper. see predict a grade and it's this paper. see predict a grade and it's reading the paper and I guess helping a reading the paper and I guess helping a reading the paper and I guess helping a teacher grade the paper. So, some pretty teacher grade the paper. So, some pretty teacher grade the paper. So, some pretty interesting features out of Grammarly. interesting features out of Grammarly. interesting features out of Grammarly. Not something I've tested myself yet. Not something I've tested myself yet. Not something I've tested myself yet. Meta is expanding their AI translation Meta is expanding their AI translation Meta is expanding their AI translation feature and making it so your Instagram feature and making it so your Instagram feature and making it so your Instagram and you know Facebook reels and things and you know Facebook reels and things and you know Facebook reels and things will automatically be translated. will automatically be translated. will automatically be translated. YouTube has already rolled out a similar YouTube has already rolled out a similar YouTube has already rolled out a similar feature, but it's now coming to the meta feature, but it's now coming to the meta feature, but it's now coming to the meta platforms. It says, "Meta translations platforms. It says, "Meta translations platforms. It says, "Meta translations uses the sound and tone of your own uses the sound and tone of your own uses the sound and tone of your own voice so it feels authentically you. And voice so it feels authentically you. And voice so it feels authentically you. And the lip-s syncing feature matches your the lip-s syncing feature matches your the lip-s syncing feature matches your mouse movements to the translated audio mouse movements to the translated audio mouse movements to the translated audio so that it looks like you're really so that it looks like you're really so that it looks like you're really speaking the language in the real. And speaking the language in the real. And speaking the language in the real. And from what I gather from their article, from what I gather from their article, from what I gather from their article, it looks like it's already rolled out. it looks like it's already rolled out. it looks like it's already rolled out. Not something I've tested yet, but I am Not something I've tested yet, but I am Not something I've tested yet, but I am actually spending more time on Facebook. actually spending more time on Facebook. actually spending more time on Facebook. So if you're a Facebook person, you So if you're a Facebook person, you So if you're a Facebook person, you could feel free to follow me over there could feel free to follow me over there could feel free to follow me over there as well, cuz I have been posting there a as well, cuz I have been posting there a as well, cuz I have been posting there a little bit more often lately. Just a little bit more often lately. Just a little bit more often lately. Just a random interesting factoid for you. And random interesting factoid for you. And random interesting factoid for you. And then finally, since we're talking about then finally, since we're talking about then finally, since we're talking about Meta, it's expected that they're going Meta, it's expected that they're going Meta, it's expected that they're going to show off their new smart glasses at to show off their new smart glasses at to show off their new smart glasses at Meta Connect this year. And the rumor is Meta Connect this year. And the rumor is Meta Connect this year. And the rumor is they're going to have a little display they're going to have a little display they're going to have a little display in one of the eyes, so you can actually in one of the eyes, so you can actually in one of the eyes, so you can actually have like a heads up display inside of have like a heads up display inside of have like a heads up display inside of your glasses. Now, whether they're going your glasses. Now, whether they're going your glasses. Now, whether they're going to be able to keep them in the same form to be able to keep them in the same form to be able to keep them in the same form factor and keep them just as light, I factor and keep them just as light, I factor and keep them just as light, I don't know. but they're expected to be don't know. but they're expected to be don't know. but they're expected to be released somewhere around 800 bucks and released somewhere around 800 bucks and released somewhere around 800 bucks and have a screen for apps and alerts on one have a screen for apps and alerts on one have a screen for apps and alerts on one lens and a wrist accessory that can help lens and a wrist accessory that can help lens and a wrist accessory that can help you control the glasses. Unfortunately, you control the glasses. Unfortunately, you control the glasses. Unfortunately, I'm not making it out to Meta Connect I'm not making it out to Meta Connect I'm not making it out to Meta Connect this year. I'm going to be at New York this year. I'm going to be at New York this year. I'm going to be at New York City at a YouTube event instead. But I City at a YouTube event instead. But I City at a YouTube event instead. But I am really, really excited to see these am really, really excited to see these am really, really excited to see these in action. I saw Google's version of in action. I saw Google's version of in action. I saw Google's version of them, you know, six or seven months ago them, you know, six or seven months ago them, you know, six or seven months ago in person and they blew my mind. If in person and they blew my mind. If in person and they blew my mind. If these come anywhere near Google's these come anywhere near Google's these come anywhere near Google's versions, they're going to be a hit. versions, they're going to be a hit. versions, they're going to be a hit. Everybody's going to want them. So, Everybody's going to want them. So, Everybody's going to want them. So, really excited to see what they do with really excited to see what they do with really excited to see what they do with this. But that's what I got for you this. But that's what I got for you this. But that's what I got for you today. Again, it was a lot of news this today. Again, it was a lot of news this today. Again, it was a lot of news this week. A lot of interesting stuff, a lot week. A lot of interesting stuff, a lot week. A lot of interesting stuff, a lot of things out of Google, some cool image of things out of Google, some cool image of things out of Google, some cool image editors. Hopefully, you enjoyed this editors. Hopefully, you enjoyed this editors. Hopefully, you enjoyed this video. You feel more looped in on what's video. You feel more looped in on what's video. You feel more looped in on what's going on with the AI world and what going on with the AI world and what going on with the AI world and what you're capable of doing with AI as of you're capable of doing with AI as of you're capable of doing with AI as of right now today. That's my goal with right now today. That's my goal with right now today. That's my goal with this channel. And if you like videos this channel. And if you like videos this channel. And if you like videos like this, make sure you like this one like this, make sure you like this one like this, make sure you like this one and subscribe to this channel. and I and subscribe to this channel. and I and subscribe to this channel. and I will make sure that more updates like will make sure that more updates like will make sure that more updates like this one as well as tutorials and other this one as well as tutorials and other this one as well as tutorials and other interesting news from the AI world shows interesting news from the AI world shows interesting news from the AI world shows up in your YouTube feed. But once again, up in your YouTube feed. But once again, up in your YouTube feed. But once again, thank you so much for hanging out with thank you so much for hanging out with thank you so much for hanging out with me and nerding out with me in this me and nerding out with me in this me and nerding out with me in this video. I really, really appreciate you video. I really, really appreciate you video. I really, really appreciate you tuning in and uh trying to stay on the tuning in and uh trying to stay on the tuning in and uh trying to stay on the bleeding edge of AI with me. It's been bleeding edge of AI with me. It's been bleeding edge of AI with me. It's been really fun and I hope you're having fun really fun and I hope you're having fun really fun and I hope you're having fun as well. So, thanks again and hopefully as well. So, thanks again and hopefully as well. So, thanks again and hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with Thank you so much for nerding out with Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, me today. If you like videos like this, me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and make sure to give it a thumbs up and make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make subscribe to this channel. I'll make subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't your YouTube feed. And if you haven't your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
