Title: AI News： Adobe Just Gave In to Google’s AI
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

Well, this week has been a fun one in Well, this week has been a fun one in Well, this week has been a fun one in the world of AI. We had the release of the world of AI. We had the release of the world of AI. We had the release of Nano Banana, the best AI image editor Nano Banana, the best AI image editor Nano Banana, the best AI image editor we've ever seen, some very unlikely we've ever seen, some very unlikely we've ever seen, some very unlikely partnerships between companies that no partnerships between companies that no partnerships between companies that no one saw coming, and an innovative way to one saw coming, and an innovative way to one saw coming, and an innovative way to help content creators make money when AI help content creators make money when AI help content creators make money when AI cites them as a source. All that and cites them as a source. All that and cites them as a source. All that and more in today's deep dive. I don't want more in today's deep dive. I don't want more in today's deep dive. I don't want to waste your time, so let's get right to waste your time, so let's get right to waste your time, so let's get right into it. Starting with the fact that into it. Starting with the fact that into it. Starting with the fact that Nano Banana has finally been unpeeled. Nano Banana has finally been unpeeled. Nano Banana has finally been unpeeled. Oh, brother. This guy stinks. Oh, brother. This guy stinks. Oh, brother. This guy stinks. That's right. We finally got public That's right. We finally got public That's right. We finally got public access to Nano Banana and they actually access to Nano Banana and they actually access to Nano Banana and they actually made it free. Now, the official name is made it free. Now, the official name is made it free. Now, the official name is Gemini Flash 2.5 image. Yeah, Google's Gemini Flash 2.5 image. Yeah, Google's Gemini Flash 2.5 image. Yeah, Google's not the best at naming. not the best at naming. not the best at naming. You suck. You suck. You suck. So, pretty much everybody still just So, pretty much everybody still just So, pretty much everybody still just calls it Nano Banana. Now, this isn't calls it Nano Banana. Now, this isn't calls it Nano Banana. Now, this isn't the first time I talked about Nano the first time I talked about Nano the first time I talked about Nano Banana. It's not the second time I've Banana. It's not the second time I've Banana. It's not the second time I've talked about it. It's actually the third talked about it. It's actually the third talked about it. It's actually the third time and I've showed off a lot of time and I've showed off a lot of time and I've showed off a lot of examples already of what this image examples already of what this image examples already of what this image model is capable of. But since I showed model is capable of. But since I showed model is capable of. But since I showed those off, there has been so many other those off, there has been so many other those off, there has been so many other cool use cases that have popped up that cool use cases that have popped up that cool use cases that have popped up that I want to share with you. But to show I want to share with you. But to show I want to share with you. But to show you what it does quickly, you upload an you what it does quickly, you upload an you what it does quickly, you upload an image, you tell it you want to be a image, you tell it you want to be a image, you tell it you want to be a matador or an artist, and it literally matador or an artist, and it literally matador or an artist, and it literally changes the image to whatever you tell changes the image to whatever you tell changes the image to whatever you tell it to. This is something that could it to. This is something that could it to. This is something that could potentially replace Photoshop for very potentially replace Photoshop for very potentially replace Photoshop for very simple edits, honestly. And again, I simple edits, honestly. And again, I simple edits, honestly. And again, I don't want to go too deep into this don't want to go too deep into this don't want to go too deep into this because I have done two other videos because I have done two other videos because I have done two other videos where we did all sorts of demonstrations where we did all sorts of demonstrations where we did all sorts of demonstrations on what it's capable of, but this is on what it's capable of, but this is on what it's capable of, but this is really cool. My buddy Balav Sudu, he really cool. My buddy Balav Sudu, he really cool. My buddy Balav Sudu, he shared this over on X. Since Nano Banana shared this over on X. Since Nano Banana shared this over on X. Since Nano Banana has Gemini's world knowledge, you can has Gemini's world knowledge, you can has Gemini's world knowledge, you can just upload screenshots of the real just upload screenshots of the real just upload screenshots of the real world and ask it to annotate stuff for world and ask it to annotate stuff for world and ask it to annotate stuff for you. You are a location-based AR you. You are a location-based AR you. You are a location-based AR experience generator. Highlights points experience generator. Highlights points experience generator. Highlights points of interest in the image and annotate of interest in the image and annotate of interest in the image and annotate relevant information about it. And then relevant information about it. And then relevant information about it. And then HBT HBT HBT here said, "And you can combine it with here said, "And you can combine it with here said, "And you can combine it with 3D grid-like wireframe mesh prompts." 3D grid-like wireframe mesh prompts." 3D grid-like wireframe mesh prompts." So, this is something I really want to So, this is something I really want to So, this is something I really want to try here. So, here I am inside of Google try here. So, here I am inside of Google try here. So, here I am inside of Google Earth. I've zoomed in on Petgo Park here Earth. I've zoomed in on Petgo Park here Earth. I've zoomed in on Petgo Park here in San Diego. If I flip this around, you in San Diego. If I flip this around, you in San Diego. If I flip this around, you can see there's the bay, there's the can see there's the bay, there's the can see there's the bay, there's the convention center. So, let's go ahead convention center. So, let's go ahead convention center. So, let's go ahead and screenshot this here. And then we'll and screenshot this here. And then we'll and screenshot this here. And then we'll jump into Google AI Studio over at a jump into Google AI Studio over at a jump into Google AI Studio over at a studio.google.com. studio.google.com. studio.google.com. up on the top right. We want to make up on the top right. We want to make up on the top right. We want to make sure this is set on Gemini 2.5 flash sure this is set on Gemini 2.5 flash sure this is set on Gemini 2.5 flash image preview as we can see aka nano image preview as we can see aka nano image preview as we can see aka nano banana. So we've got our image here. banana. So we've got our image here. banana. So we've got our image here. Let's grab our prompt from Bavl here. Let's grab our prompt from Bavl here. Let's grab our prompt from Bavl here. You are a location-based AR experience You are a location-based AR experience You are a location-based AR experience generator. Highlight Petco Park in this generator. Highlight Petco Park in this generator. Highlight Petco Park in this image and annotate relevant information image and annotate relevant information image and annotate relevant information about it. After 15 seconds, here's what about it. After 15 seconds, here's what about it. After 15 seconds, here's what it gave us. So it highlighted Petco Park it gave us. So it highlighted Petco Park it gave us. So it highlighted Petco Park for some reason. It also highlighted a for some reason. It also highlighted a for some reason. It also highlighted a hotel next to Petco Park, but it did hotel next to Petco Park, but it did hotel next to Petco Park, but it did give some information. Open 2004, give some information. Open 2004, give some information. Open 2004, capacity 40,209. I'm assuming that's capacity 40,209. I'm assuming that's capacity 40,209. I'm assuming that's correct. Sounds about right. But that's correct. Sounds about right. But that's correct. Sounds about right. But that's not the only cool new use case that I've not the only cool new use case that I've not the only cool new use case that I've come across. Here's another one from come across. Here's another one from come across. Here's another one from Harsh here where they gave it this image Harsh here where they gave it this image Harsh here where they gave it this image of what looks like Google Maps and said of what looks like Google Maps and said of what looks like Google Maps and said they asked it to draw the ground view of they asked it to draw the ground view of they asked it to draw the ground view of the red pin and it showed this image the red pin and it showed this image the red pin and it showed this image here. I'm going to take this image that here. I'm going to take this image that here. I'm going to take this image that we just created and let's see if we can we just created and let's see if we can we just created and let's see if we can leverage this same technique. I'm going leverage this same technique. I'm going leverage this same technique. I'm going to crop in a little bit to get rid of to crop in a little bit to get rid of to crop in a little bit to get rid of all the Google Earth stuff. So, here's all the Google Earth stuff. So, here's all the Google Earth stuff. So, here's our image. And then let's go ahead and our image. And then let's go ahead and our image. And then let's go ahead and add a star. We'll make it red and we'll add a star. We'll make it red and we'll add a star. We'll make it red and we'll fill it in red. Then I'll just put it fill it in red. Then I'll just put it fill it in red. Then I'll just put it right here. And then we'll tell it to right here. And then we'll tell it to right here. And then we'll tell it to find the view from the star. Pull the find the view from the star. Pull the find the view from the star. Pull the image back in. Give me an image of the image back in. Give me an image of the image back in. Give me an image of the ground view from the perspective of the ground view from the perspective of the ground view from the perspective of the red star looking at Petco Park. Now, red star looking at Petco Park. Now, red star looking at Petco Park. Now, that's a little bit further away than that's a little bit further away than that's a little bit further away than where I dropped this star. It should be where I dropped this star. It should be where I dropped this star. It should be a little bit closer. It's still pretty a little bit closer. It's still pretty a little bit closer. It's still pretty impressive to me that it could even do impressive to me that it could even do impressive to me that it could even do this at all. I mean, but we do have this at all. I mean, but we do have this at all. I mean, but we do have Google Earth, so if you did want this Google Earth, so if you did want this Google Earth, so if you did want this same thing. You don't need to use Gemini same thing. You don't need to use Gemini same thing. You don't need to use Gemini for it. I just thought it was cool that for it. I just thought it was cool that for it. I just thought it was cool that it's capable of it. Someone here shared it's capable of it. Someone here shared it's capable of it. Someone here shared that they restored the first photograph that they restored the first photograph that they restored the first photograph ever taken with Nano Banana. So, this ever taken with Nano Banana. So, this ever taken with Nano Banana. So, this was the first photograph ever. And was the first photograph ever. And was the first photograph ever. And here's what Nano Banana gave them back here's what Nano Banana gave them back here's what Nano Banana gave them back based on what it understood from the based on what it understood from the based on what it understood from the image. Here's another one from Har image. Here's another one from Har image. Here's another one from Har prompt. make image daytime and isometric prompt. make image daytime and isometric prompt. make image daytime and isometric temple only. So they took this picture temple only. So they took this picture temple only. So they took this picture of the temple and then had it do this of the temple and then had it do this of the temple and then had it do this isometric drawing of it. Here's another isometric drawing of it. Here's another isometric drawing of it. Here's another one where they took a picture of this one where they took a picture of this one where they took a picture of this building and had it draw an isometric building and had it draw an isometric building and had it draw an isometric picture of the building. Super super picture of the building. Super super picture of the building. Super super impressive. And you don't just have to impressive. And you don't just have to impressive. And you don't just have to use Nano Banana with Google either. It's use Nano Banana with Google either. It's use Nano Banana with Google either. It's being rolled out into like every being rolled out into like every being rolled out into like every platform out there. Higsfield has it. platform out there. Higsfield has it. platform out there. Higsfield has it. Crea has it. Scenario has it. You know Crea has it. Scenario has it. You know Crea has it. Scenario has it. You know what? I'm not going to list them all. what? I'm not going to list them all. what? I'm not going to list them all. pretty much every platform out there has pretty much every platform out there has pretty much every platform out there has rolled nano banana into it. Leonardo is rolled nano banana into it. Leonardo is rolled nano banana into it. Leonardo is also getting it soon. The evidence being also getting it soon. The evidence being also getting it soon. The evidence being this email where they put bananas and this email where they put bananas and this email where they put bananas and everything. But the one that fascinated everything. But the one that fascinated everything. But the one that fascinated me the most was the fact that Adobe me the most was the fact that Adobe me the most was the fact that Adobe Firefly got Nano Banana. And the reason Firefly got Nano Banana. And the reason Firefly got Nano Banana. And the reason it fascinated me was well because it fascinated me was well because it fascinated me was well because they're the company that makes Adobe they're the company that makes Adobe they're the company that makes Adobe Photoshop and they also have their own Photoshop and they also have their own Photoshop and they also have their own AI models that they've been trying to AI models that they've been trying to AI models that they've been trying to promote. You know, the Firefly models. promote. You know, the Firefly models. promote. You know, the Firefly models. But now you can use Nano Banana directly But now you can use Nano Banana directly But now you can use Nano Banana directly inside of the various Firefly products. inside of the various Firefly products. inside of the various Firefly products. It really makes me wonder if Adobe is It really makes me wonder if Adobe is It really makes me wonder if Adobe is starting to kind of realize that maybe starting to kind of realize that maybe starting to kind of realize that maybe they shouldn't be in the foundation they shouldn't be in the foundation they shouldn't be in the foundation model game and building their own models model game and building their own models model game and building their own models and maybe they should just leverage the and maybe they should just leverage the and maybe they should just leverage the models that are out there being built by models that are out there being built by models that are out there being built by companies like Google and OpenAI and companies like Google and OpenAI and companies like Google and OpenAI and Runway etc. Because first they rolled Runway etc. Because first they rolled Runway etc. Because first they rolled out V3 into their video generation out V3 into their video generation out V3 into their video generation model. So if you want to generate videos model. So if you want to generate videos model. So if you want to generate videos with Firefly, you can use Firefly or you with Firefly, you can use Firefly or you with Firefly, you can use Firefly or you can use V3. And now they rolled out Nano can use V3. And now they rolled out Nano can use V3. And now they rolled out Nano Banana into Firefly. So you can use Banana into Firefly. So you can use Banana into Firefly. So you can use their Firefly image models or you can their Firefly image models or you can their Firefly image models or you can use Google's Nano Banana. And you can use Google's Nano Banana. And you can use Google's Nano Banana. And you can even use it for free here. As soon as I even use it for free here. As soon as I even use it for free here. As soon as I log in, it says try Google Gemini 2.5 log in, it says try Google Gemini 2.5 log in, it says try Google Gemini 2.5 Flash image model in Firefly on us. Flash image model in Firefly on us. Flash image model in Firefly on us. Unlimited access to Google 2.5 flash Unlimited access to Google 2.5 flash Unlimited access to Google 2.5 flash image model. So inside of Firefly here, image model. So inside of Firefly here, image model. So inside of Firefly here, you've got general settings. And not you've got general settings. And not you've got general settings. And not only is Gemini 2. Flash image in here, only is Gemini 2. Flash image in here, only is Gemini 2. Flash image in here, it's set to the default. So even above it's set to the default. So even above it's set to the default. So even above all of the Firefly models that are in all of the Firefly models that are in all of the Firefly models that are in here, the GPT image model, the Flux, the here, the GPT image model, the Flux, the here, the GPT image model, the Flux, the runways, all of these models, the runways, all of these models, the runways, all of these models, the default model is a Google model. It's default model is a Google model. It's default model is a Google model. It's not even Adobe's model, but it works not even Adobe's model, but it works not even Adobe's model, but it works just the same. Drop an image in. I'll just the same. Drop an image in. I'll just the same. Drop an image in. I'll use this one that we've played with in use this one that we've played with in use this one that we've played with in the past, and I'll tell it change all the past, and I'll tell it change all the past, and I'll tell it change all the Mountain Dew bottles to bananas. And the Mountain Dew bottles to bananas. And the Mountain Dew bottles to bananas. And just like in AI Studio, it does what you just like in AI Studio, it does what you just like in AI Studio, it does what you ask it to. I mean, it missed one of the ask it to. I mean, it missed one of the ask it to. I mean, it missed one of the Mountain Dew bottles, but I'll let it Mountain Dew bottles, but I'll let it Mountain Dew bottles, but I'll let it go. Another big update out of Google go. Another big update out of Google go. Another big update out of Google this week is there's now AI powered live this week is there's now AI powered live this week is there's now AI powered live translation as well as a new language translation as well as a new language translation as well as a new language learning tool directly inside of Google learning tool directly inside of Google learning tool directly inside of Google Translate. So, if you ever need to Translate. So, if you ever need to Translate. So, if you ever need to communicate with somebody in another communicate with somebody in another communicate with somebody in another language, you can do it in real time now language, you can do it in real time now language, you can do it in real time now with the Translate app. with the Translate app. with the Translate app. Hi there. Um, my friend told me there's Hi there. Um, my friend told me there's Hi there. Um, my friend told me there's a sandwich here that's really good, but a sandwich here that's really good, but a sandwich here that's really good, but I'm not sure which one it is. It's I'm not sure which one it is. It's I'm not sure which one it is. It's spicy, has really tasty cheese on it and spicy, has really tasty cheese on it and spicy, has really tasty cheese on it and avocados, I think. I think I know what it is. It's I think I know what it is. It's I think I know what it is. It's seasonal. In fact, we've already taken seasonal. In fact, we've already taken seasonal. In fact, we've already taken it off the menu, but let me see if we it off the menu, but let me see if we it off the menu, but let me see if we can still prepare it for you. It's can still prepare it for you. It's can still prepare it for you. It's delicious. delicious. delicious. On top of that, they've also added a On top of that, they've also added a On top of that, they've also added a language learning feature where you can language learning feature where you can language learning feature where you can actually use the translate app to try to actually use the translate app to try to actually use the translate app to try to learn other languages. You tell it how learn other languages. You tell it how learn other languages. You tell it how good you are at the language already. It good you are at the language already. It good you are at the language already. It creates scenarios for you and it gives creates scenarios for you and it gives creates scenarios for you and it gives you little exercises to best learn you little exercises to best learn you little exercises to best learn whatever language you're trying to learn whatever language you're trying to learn whatever language you're trying to learn here. So, it seems like now Google is here. So, it seems like now Google is here. So, it seems like now Google is becoming a direct competitor with becoming a direct competitor with becoming a direct competitor with Dolingo. Now, let's stick with Google Dolingo. Now, let's stick with Google Dolingo. Now, let's stick with Google just for a minute here because they also just for a minute here because they also just for a minute here because they also rolled out some new updates to their rolled out some new updates to their rolled out some new updates to their vids platform. Now, they have VO3 which vids platform. Now, they have VO3 which vids platform. Now, they have VO3 which is their generative video platform. You is their generative video platform. You is their generative video platform. You give it a prompt, it generates a video give it a prompt, it generates a video give it a prompt, it generates a video based on that prompt and it sort of like based on that prompt and it sort of like based on that prompt and it sort of like makes animations or real world video. makes animations or real world video. makes animations or real world video. Vids is more like you give it a prompt Vids is more like you give it a prompt Vids is more like you give it a prompt and it makes like a PowerPoint and it makes like a PowerPoint and it makes like a PowerPoint presentation style video. We've demoed presentation style video. We've demoed presentation style video. We've demoed it in previous videos before, but now it in previous videos before, but now it in previous videos before, but now they're actually sort of merging VO3 they're actually sort of merging VO3 they're actually sort of merging VO3 into it. You can see in this little into it. You can see in this little into it. You can see in this little screenshot here that you can actually screenshot here that you can actually screenshot here that you can actually have AI video clips within your Vids have AI video clips within your Vids have AI video clips within your Vids videos. Now, here's an example where videos. Now, here's an example where videos. Now, here's an example where they take one of the slides and then they take one of the slides and then they take one of the slides and then they grab the image of the shoe that's they grab the image of the shoe that's they grab the image of the shoe that's in the slide and then they actually in the slide and then they actually in the slide and then they actually generate an animation of the shoe that generate an animation of the shoe that generate an animation of the shoe that then goes back onto the slide. So now then goes back onto the slide. So now then goes back onto the slide. So now when they play their video that looks when they play their video that looks when they play their video that looks like a PowerPoint presentation, it like a PowerPoint presentation, it like a PowerPoint presentation, it actually has animations in it on top of actually has animations in it on top of actually has animations in it on top of like the types of slides that it shows. like the types of slides that it shows. like the types of slides that it shows. They also added the ability to put AI They also added the ability to put AI They also added the ability to put AI generated avatars directly inside of generated avatars directly inside of generated avatars directly inside of your presentation. So you can select your presentation. So you can select your presentation. So you can select from their avatars. I don't believe you from their avatars. I don't believe you from their avatars. I don't believe you can upload yourself yet, but you can can upload yourself yet, but you can can upload yourself yet, but you can pick from the avatars that they created. pick from the avatars that they created. pick from the avatars that they created. Give it some dialogue and it will Give it some dialogue and it will Give it some dialogue and it will actually lip-s sync it up and you could actually lip-s sync it up and you could actually lip-s sync it up and you could put it in your video. put it in your video. put it in your video. Welcome to the Symbol Outdoor Goods Welcome to the Symbol Outdoor Goods Welcome to the Symbol Outdoor Goods product support page. We're here to help product support page. We're here to help product support page. We're here to help address common questions about the address common questions about the address common questions about the latest product in our line of camping latest product in our line of camping latest product in our line of camping essentials, our new solar powered essentials, our new solar powered essentials, our new solar powered flashlight. They also added a feature flashlight. They also added a feature flashlight. They also added a feature where you can generate a transcript where you can generate a transcript where you can generate a transcript based on the video that you created and based on the video that you created and based on the video that you created and then once it's created the transcript, then once it's created the transcript, then once it's created the transcript, you can actually clean it up and it will you can actually clean it up and it will you can actually clean it up and it will remove the ums and the h from your video remove the ums and the h from your video remove the ums and the h from your video and then you can actually edit the video and then you can actually edit the video and then you can actually edit the video by simply editing the transcript. You by simply editing the transcript. You by simply editing the transcript. You can delete portions of the transcript can delete portions of the transcript can delete portions of the transcript and it will delete those portions of the and it will delete those portions of the and it will delete those portions of the video. If you've used Descript at all video. If you've used Descript at all video. If you've used Descript at all before, well, they're now kind of going before, well, they're now kind of going before, well, they're now kind of going head-to-head with Descript because head-to-head with Descript because head-to-head with Descript because that's something that we've seen in that's something that we've seen in that's something that we've seen in Descript for quite a while and now Descript for quite a while and now Descript for quite a while and now they're just making it available for they're just making it available for they're just making it available for people who use Vids. And if you're people who use Vids. And if you're people who use Vids. And if you're interested in Vids, well, all of the interested in Vids, well, all of the interested in Vids, well, all of the really cool features are on the paid really cool features are on the paid really cool features are on the paid plan. You have to be a business or plan. You have to be a business or plan. You have to be a business or enterprise starter customer, Google AI enterprise starter customer, Google AI enterprise starter customer, Google AI Pro or Ultra subscriber, or have a Pro or Ultra subscriber, or have a Pro or Ultra subscriber, or have a Workspace for Education account. But it Workspace for Education account. But it Workspace for Education account. But it does say the basic Vids editor without does say the basic Vids editor without does say the basic Vids editor without Gemini is available to all consumers. So Gemini is available to all consumers. So Gemini is available to all consumers. So you can use Vids. You just don't get all you can use Vids. You just don't get all you can use Vids. You just don't get all the cool AI features we just showed off. the cool AI features we just showed off. the cool AI features we just showed off. You know what the hardest part about You know what the hardest part about You know what the hardest part about keeping up with AI is? It moves way too keeping up with AI is? It moves way too keeping up with AI is? It moves way too fast. Just blink for a second and fast. Just blink for a second and fast. Just blink for a second and there's a brand new model like a crazy there's a brand new model like a crazy there's a brand new model like a crazy tool launch or some company making tool launch or some company making tool launch or some company making headlines for all the wrong reasons. headlines for all the wrong reasons. headlines for all the wrong reasons. Most people simply don't have the time Most people simply don't have the time Most people simply don't have the time to track it all. And that's why for this to track it all. And that's why for this to track it all. And that's why for this video I partnered with myself. Well, the video I partnered with myself. Well, the video I partnered with myself. Well, the Future Tools newsletter. It's completely Future Tools newsletter. It's completely Future Tools newsletter. It's completely free, goes out twice a week, and it's free, goes out twice a week, and it's free, goes out twice a week, and it's basically your shortcut to staying ahead basically your shortcut to staying ahead basically your shortcut to staying ahead of the AI curve. Every Wednesday and of the AI curve. Every Wednesday and of the AI curve. Every Wednesday and Friday, I round up the biggest AI news, Friday, I round up the biggest AI news, Friday, I round up the biggest AI news, the most useful new tools, and the the most useful new tools, and the the most useful new tools, and the stories that actually matter without you stories that actually matter without you stories that actually matter without you needing to doom scroll X or dig through needing to doom scroll X or dig through needing to doom scroll X or dig through a 100 blogs. And here's the best part. a 100 blogs. And here's the best part. a 100 blogs. And here's the best part. When you sign up today, you instantly When you sign up today, you instantly When you sign up today, you instantly get free access to the AI income get free access to the AI income get free access to the AI income database. It's a giant resource that database. It's a giant resource that database. It's a giant resource that shows you dozens of different ways shows you dozens of different ways shows you dozens of different ways people are making money with AI, people are making money with AI, people are making money with AI, complete with the methods, the process, complete with the methods, the process, complete with the methods, the process, and the exact tools you need to try it and the exact tools you need to try it and the exact tools you need to try it yourself. Totally free just for yourself. Totally free just for yourself. Totally free just for subscribing. So, if you're into AI tech, subscribing. So, if you're into AI tech, subscribing. So, if you're into AI tech, or just don't want to fall behind, head or just don't want to fall behind, head or just don't want to fall behind, head on over to futuretools.io, drop in your on over to futuretools.io, drop in your on over to futuretools.io, drop in your email, and you'll be plugged into the email, and you'll be plugged into the email, and you'll be plugged into the smartest corner of the AI world. Thank smartest corner of the AI world. Thank smartest corner of the AI world. Thank you so much to me for sponsoring this you so much to me for sponsoring this you so much to me for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back to it. All video. Now, let's get back to it. All video. Now, let's get back to it. All right, so moving on. I've got to be right, so moving on. I've got to be right, so moving on. I've got to be honest here. I actually don't know when honest here. I actually don't know when honest here. I actually don't know when this feature rolled out. I sort of this feature rolled out. I sort of this feature rolled out. I sort of missed the launch announcement of it, missed the launch announcement of it, missed the launch announcement of it, but Cling has a first and last frame but Cling has a first and last frame but Cling has a first and last frame ability where you can give it the first ability where you can give it the first ability where you can give it the first frame and the last frame and it will try frame and the last frame and it will try frame and the last frame and it will try to animate all of the stuff that's in to animate all of the stuff that's in to animate all of the stuff that's in between the frames. I learned about this between the frames. I learned about this between the frames. I learned about this from my buddy Tim at Theoretically Media from my buddy Tim at Theoretically Media from my buddy Tim at Theoretically Media and he showed off some examples of how and he showed off some examples of how and he showed off some examples of how good this actually is. Give it one frame good this actually is. Give it one frame good this actually is. Give it one frame at the beginning, one frame at the end, at the beginning, one frame at the end, at the beginning, one frame at the end, and it figures out what's supposed to go and it figures out what's supposed to go and it figures out what's supposed to go in the middle. One thing I haven't in the middle. One thing I haven't in the middle. One thing I haven't really been impressed with so far is I really been impressed with so far is I really been impressed with so far is I haven't been able to get a video that haven't been able to get a video that haven't been able to get a video that starts with my face and then ends with a starts with my face and then ends with a starts with my face and then ends with a wolf and it makes it look like I'm wolf and it makes it look like I'm wolf and it makes it look like I'm merging into the wolf, like a werewolf merging into the wolf, like a werewolf merging into the wolf, like a werewolf or like anomorphs. So, I'm going to log or like anomorphs. So, I'm going to log or like anomorphs. So, I'm going to log into my Cling account here and I will into my Cling account here and I will into my Cling account here and I will come over to video and we can see we've come over to video and we can see we've come over to video and we can see we've got add start frame, add end frame. got add start frame, add end frame. got add start frame, add end frame. Here's an image of me kind of like Here's an image of me kind of like Here's an image of me kind of like squatting down. Maybe that'll make it squatting down. Maybe that'll make it squatting down. Maybe that'll make it easier since I'm already sort of low to easier since I'm already sort of low to easier since I'm already sort of low to the ground. Let's see what happens. the ground. Let's see what happens. the ground. Let's see what happens. We'll add that as the start frame. I'll We'll add that as the start frame. I'll We'll add that as the start frame. I'll grab this image of a wolf here that I grab this image of a wolf here that I grab this image of a wolf here that I made in Leonardo and we'll set that as made in Leonardo and we'll set that as made in Leonardo and we'll set that as the end frame. Let's go ahead and for the end frame. Let's go ahead and for the end frame. Let's go ahead and for our prompt, we'll do the man slowly our prompt, we'll do the man slowly our prompt, we'll do the man slowly morphs into a wolf. Let's generate that. morphs into a wolf. Let's generate that. morphs into a wolf. Let's generate that. And here's the output we got from it. And here's the output we got from it. And here's the output we got from it. Complete with sound and everything. Not bad at all. This is probably the Not bad at all. This is probably the Not bad at all. This is probably the best sort of morph video like this that best sort of morph video like this that best sort of morph video like this that I've seen. I think it kind of helped I've seen. I think it kind of helped I've seen. I think it kind of helped that I was already sort of like bent that I was already sort of like bent that I was already sort of like bent over in the image. So, you could see I over in the image. So, you could see I over in the image. So, you could see I just squat down into like a wolf just squat down into like a wolf just squat down into like a wolf position and then yeah, it morphs into a position and then yeah, it morphs into a position and then yeah, it morphs into a wolf just like it should. Probably the wolf just like it should. Probably the wolf just like it should. Probably the most impressive start frame, end frame most impressive start frame, end frame most impressive start frame, end frame video tool I've seen so far. Cling has video tool I've seen so far. Cling has video tool I've seen so far. Cling has always really kind of impressed me always really kind of impressed me always really kind of impressed me though. Hun has just rolled out a new though. Hun has just rolled out a new though. Hun has just rolled out a new upgrade as well with its new Avatar 4. upgrade as well with its new Avatar 4. upgrade as well with its new Avatar 4. So, the digital twins that you create So, the digital twins that you create So, the digital twins that you create with Hey, Jen are supposedly a lot more with Hey, Jen are supposedly a lot more with Hey, Jen are supposedly a lot more realistic. It says, "Your digital twin realistic. It says, "Your digital twin realistic. It says, "Your digital twin now mirrors your gestures, expressions, now mirrors your gestures, expressions, now mirrors your gestures, expressions, and mannerisms, adapts to your script, and mannerisms, adapts to your script, and mannerisms, adapts to your script, speaking every line how you would, moves speaking every line how you would, moves speaking every line how you would, moves like you naturally from head to toe, and like you naturally from head to toe, and like you naturally from head to toe, and feels unmistakably you and not AI. I feels unmistakably you and not AI. I feels unmistakably you and not AI. I want to try this out myself." So, I just want to try this out myself." So, I just want to try this out myself." So, I just uploaded a brand new video that I just uploaded a brand new video that I just uploaded a brand new video that I just recorded. It's 6% ready, and after about recorded. It's 6% ready, and after about recorded. It's 6% ready, and after about 4 minutes or so, it's ready to check it 4 minutes or so, it's ready to check it 4 minutes or so, it's ready to check it out. Let's see what we got. Hey Matt out. Let's see what we got. Hey Matt out. Let's see what we got. Hey Matt Wolf, your digital twin is ready. Try Wolf, your digital twin is ready. Try Wolf, your digital twin is ready. Try creating videos with it. Also, click the creating videos with it. Also, click the creating videos with it. Also, click the feedback button to share what you think. feedback button to share what you think. feedback button to share what you think. Hope you enjoy. I don't feel like what I Hope you enjoy. I don't feel like what I Hope you enjoy. I don't feel like what I got is a whole lot better than what I got is a whole lot better than what I got is a whole lot better than what I normally get, but that may have just normally get, but that may have just normally get, but that may have just been the demo video that it gave me. So, been the demo video that it gave me. So, been the demo video that it gave me. So, let's go ahead and make sure we've got let's go ahead and make sure we've got let's go ahead and make sure we've got Avatar 4 selected here at the top. And I Avatar 4 selected here at the top. And I Avatar 4 selected here at the top. And I will give it a quick script. And after will give it a quick script. And after will give it a quick script. And after about 5 minutes, let's see what we got. about 5 minutes, let's see what we got. about 5 minutes, let's see what we got. Slow internet, stale air. Why suffer Slow internet, stale air. Why suffer Slow internet, stale air. Why suffer through either when you can fix both? through either when you can fix both? through either when you can fix both? Introducing the scented Wi-Fi router. Introducing the scented Wi-Fi router. Introducing the scented Wi-Fi router. The world's first router that streams The world's first router that streams The world's first router that streams blazing fast internet and fills your blazing fast internet and fills your blazing fast internet and fills your home with delightful aromomas. Setup is home with delightful aromomas. Setup is home with delightful aromomas. Setup is easy. Just plug it in, pick your Wi-Fi easy. Just plug it in, pick your Wi-Fi easy. Just plug it in, pick your Wi-Fi password and your fragrance. Vanilla password and your fragrance. Vanilla password and your fragrance. Vanilla vibes, pine forest, pizza night, you vibes, pine forest, pizza night, you vibes, pine forest, pizza night, you name it, we've got it. I mean, the lip name it, we've got it. I mean, the lip name it, we've got it. I mean, the lip syncing is a lot better than it used to syncing is a lot better than it used to syncing is a lot better than it used to be, but it's the voice. I I just don't be, but it's the voice. I I just don't be, but it's the voice. I I just don't feel like the voice is realistic enough feel like the voice is realistic enough feel like the voice is realistic enough still. It still just feels like an AI still. It still just feels like an AI still. It still just feels like an AI voice to me, but it's lip-s synced a lot voice to me, but it's lip-s synced a lot voice to me, but it's lip-s synced a lot better and has a lot less like better and has a lot less like better and has a lot less like abnormalities in there. I used to have abnormalities in there. I used to have abnormalities in there. I used to have issues with the beard where it looked issues with the beard where it looked issues with the beard where it looked like there was like hair going over my like there was like hair going over my like there was like hair going over my teeth and stuff like that and it always teeth and stuff like that and it always teeth and stuff like that and it always messed up on the beard. And it's messed up on the beard. And it's messed up on the beard. And it's definitely got that kind of stuff dialed definitely got that kind of stuff dialed definitely got that kind of stuff dialed in, but that voice, that robotic AI in, but that voice, that robotic AI in, but that voice, that robotic AI voice is just still not doing it for me. voice is just still not doing it for me. voice is just still not doing it for me. But definitely give it a try. They do But definitely give it a try. They do But definitely give it a try. They do have other ways to do the voice. So, if have other ways to do the voice. So, if have other ways to do the voice. So, if I went to create video here up under I went to create video here up under I went to create video here up under voice, they do have advanced settings voice, they do have advanced settings voice, they do have advanced settings where you can use like 11 Labs or 11 where you can use like 11 Labs or 11 where you can use like 11 Labs or 11 Labs V3. So, you can actually get that Labs V3. So, you can actually get that Labs V3. So, you can actually get that voice dialed in a little bit better, but voice dialed in a little bit better, but voice dialed in a little bit better, but the one that's directly out of Hey Gen the one that's directly out of Hey Gen the one that's directly out of Hey Gen right now, I don't know. It's just still right now, I don't know. It's just still right now, I don't know. It's just still not doing it for me. Along similar not doing it for me. Along similar not doing it for me. Along similar lines, we got a new open model called lines, we got a new open model called lines, we got a new open model called Juan S2V. This is a model where you give Juan S2V. This is a model where you give Juan S2V. This is a model where you give it an image input and you give it an it an image input and you give it an it an image input and you give it an audio input and it will actually sync audio input and it will actually sync audio input and it will actually sync and animate the video based on the audio and animate the video based on the audio and animate the video based on the audio like this. I have been second to Joe my like this. I have been second to Joe my like this. I have been second to Joe my whole life in everything and I will not whole life in everything and I will not whole life in everything and I will not be the person you settle for just be the person you settle for just be the person you settle for just because you cannot have her. because you cannot have her. because you cannot have her. And you can see that there's emotion in And you can see that there's emotion in And you can see that there's emotion in the face and there's a lot of movement the face and there's a lot of movement the face and there's a lot of movement and even this side character here that and even this side character here that and even this side character here that she's talking to is moving a little bit. she's talking to is moving a little bit. she's talking to is moving a little bit. Very, very impressive. Now, there is a Very, very impressive. Now, there is a Very, very impressive. Now, there is a hugging face space where you can try hugging face space where you can try hugging face space where you can try this model out as well as a model scope this model out as well as a model scope this model out as well as a model scope studio. Unfortunately, I went and tried studio. Unfortunately, I went and tried studio. Unfortunately, I went and tried to use the hugging face space and it to use the hugging face space and it to use the hugging face space and it said it was going to take about 4 hours said it was going to take about 4 hours said it was going to take about 4 hours to generate it. So yeah, I'm not demoing to generate it. So yeah, I'm not demoing to generate it. So yeah, I'm not demoing that one right now. I am attempting it that one right now. I am attempting it that one right now. I am attempting it in the model scope studio, but even this in the model scope studio, but even this in the model scope studio, but even this one is claiming it's going to take like one is claiming it's going to take like one is claiming it's going to take like almost 30 minutes to generate. So I almost 30 minutes to generate. So I almost 30 minutes to generate. So I would love to actually show a test that would love to actually show a test that would love to actually show a test that I did myself, but these servers are I did myself, but these servers are I did myself, but these servers are overwhelmed. And when I tried overwhelmed. And when I tried overwhelmed. And when I tried duplicating the spaces, it didn't work duplicating the spaces, it didn't work duplicating the spaces, it didn't work because you need an API key that I don't because you need an API key that I don't because you need an API key that I don't have. And so, yes, it's publicly have. And so, yes, it's publicly have. And so, yes, it's publicly available, but if you want to use this, available, but if you want to use this, available, but if you want to use this, you probably want to download it on you probably want to download it on you probably want to download it on GitHub and try to run it locally. It GitHub and try to run it locally. It GitHub and try to run it locally. It does say it should be able to work on a does say it should be able to work on a does say it should be able to work on a computer with a 4080. And along similar computer with a 4080. And along similar computer with a 4080. And along similar lines, this week, we got a product lines, this week, we got a product lines, this week, we got a product called LipSync 2 Pro from this company, called LipSync 2 Pro from this company, called LipSync 2 Pro from this company, Sync Labs, and it's a state-of-the-art Sync Labs, and it's a state-of-the-art Sync Labs, and it's a state-of-the-art video model that edits what anyone says video model that edits what anyone says video model that edits what anyone says in a video. So, you give it a video and in a video. So, you give it a video and in a video. So, you give it a video and then you could give it like a different then you could give it like a different then you could give it like a different set of audio and it will change the set of audio and it will change the set of audio and it will change the audio and the lip-s syncing in the video audio and the lip-s syncing in the video audio and the lip-s syncing in the video to whatever the uploaded audio is. So, to whatever the uploaded audio is. So, to whatever the uploaded audio is. So, if I head over to sync.so, I can if I head over to sync.so, I can if I head over to sync.so, I can actually drag in an MP4 here. Let me actually drag in an MP4 here. Let me actually drag in an MP4 here. Let me grab one of just like me on camera. So, grab one of just like me on camera. So, grab one of just like me on camera. So, I'm uploading a short 55 second video. I'm uploading a short 55 second video. I'm uploading a short 55 second video. It's actually a video of me doing an It's actually a video of me doing an It's actually a video of me doing an intro for one of my podcast episodes. intro for one of my podcast episodes. intro for one of my podcast episodes. And then I can drag a different audio And then I can drag a different audio And then I can drag a different audio file in here. I'm going to drag and drop file in here. I'm going to drag and drop file in here. I'm going to drag and drop a little Rick Morty soundbite in here a little Rick Morty soundbite in here a little Rick Morty soundbite in here and let's see if this works. and let's see if this works. and let's see if this works. You have my word as a caregiver. You have my word as a caregiver. You have my word as a caregiver. Everything's going to be fine. Everything's going to be fine. Everything's going to be fine. I mean, yeah, it it worked, but I'm I mean, yeah, it it worked, but I'm I mean, yeah, it it worked, but I'm running into that issue where you could running into that issue where you could running into that issue where you could tell the mustache is sort of making it a tell the mustache is sort of making it a tell the mustache is sort of making it a little weird. I don't know what it is little weird. I don't know what it is little weird. I don't know what it is with AI video generators and beards and with AI video generators and beards and with AI video generators and beards and mustaches, but they always seem to like mustaches, but they always seem to like mustaches, but they always seem to like make everything look a little wonky. As make everything look a little wonky. As make everything look a little wonky. As with almost every week, we have some with almost every week, we have some with almost every week, we have some fresh drama in the AI world. We've got Elon Musk's XAI company suing We've got Elon Musk's XAI company suing We've got Elon Musk's XAI company suing Apple and Open AI over AI competition. Apple and Open AI over AI competition. Apple and Open AI over AI competition. Another one. Another one. Another one. Basically, Elon is claiming that the Basically, Elon is claiming that the Basically, Elon is claiming that the Apple store is being more favorable to Apple store is being more favorable to Apple store is being more favorable to OpenAI than X and helping boost tools OpenAI than X and helping boost tools OpenAI than X and helping boost tools like OpenAI to the top of the downloads like OpenAI to the top of the downloads like OpenAI to the top of the downloads list while ignoring X. So he thinks that list while ignoring X. So he thinks that list while ignoring X. So he thinks that Apple is treating X unfairly compared to Apple is treating X unfairly compared to Apple is treating X unfairly compared to OpenAI. And I don't know if you OpenAI. And I don't know if you OpenAI. And I don't know if you remember, but for several weeks in a remember, but for several weeks in a remember, but for several weeks in a row, we talked about how Meta was row, we talked about how Meta was row, we talked about how Meta was poaching a whole bunch of people from poaching a whole bunch of people from poaching a whole bunch of people from various companies like OpenAI and Apple various companies like OpenAI and Apple various companies like OpenAI and Apple and Enthropic to build their super and Enthropic to build their super and Enthropic to build their super intelligence team. Well, it didn't take intelligence team. Well, it didn't take intelligence team. Well, it didn't take long before people started jumping ship long before people started jumping ship long before people started jumping ship from Meta and going back to their from Meta and going back to their from Meta and going back to their original job. This week, two prominent original job. This week, two prominent original job. This week, two prominent AI researchers left Meta's super AI researchers left Meta's super AI researchers left Meta's super intelligence labs just weeks after intelligence labs just weeks after intelligence labs just weeks after coming on board. AI Verma and Ethan coming on board. AI Verma and Ethan coming on board. AI Verma and Ethan Knight both spent less than a month at Knight both spent less than a month at Knight both spent less than a month at Meta before going back to their jobs at Meta before going back to their jobs at Meta before going back to their jobs at OpenAI. Shia Nyak, who also was leading OpenAI. Shia Nyak, who also was leading OpenAI. Shia Nyak, who also was leading generative AI efforts over at Meta, is generative AI efforts over at Meta, is generative AI efforts over at Meta, is also leaving Meta to go to OpenAI. So, I also leaving Meta to go to OpenAI. So, I also leaving Meta to go to OpenAI. So, I don't know what's going on over at Meta. don't know what's going on over at Meta. don't know what's going on over at Meta. They went and promised tons of money to They went and promised tons of money to They went and promised tons of money to these people and built this super these people and built this super these people and built this super intelligence team and slowly but surely, intelligence team and slowly but surely, intelligence team and slowly but surely, like before they even have a chance to like before they even have a chance to like before they even have a chance to get started, they're all kind of get started, they're all kind of get started, they're all kind of dropping off. And there's been a lot of dropping off. And there's been a lot of dropping off. And there's been a lot of other AI news this week. I covered all other AI news this week. I covered all other AI news this week. I covered all the really cool stuff that you can the really cool stuff that you can the really cool stuff that you can actually take action on and use right actually take action on and use right actually take action on and use right now today. But there's a lot more I want now today. But there's a lot more I want now today. But there's a lot more I want to cover. So, let's jump into a rapid to cover. So, let's jump into a rapid to cover. So, let's jump into a rapid fire section. This week, XAI opensourced their Gro 2.5 This week, XAI opensourced their Gro 2.5 This week, XAI opensourced their Gro 2.5 model. If you're keeping track, they're model. If you're keeping track, they're model. If you're keeping track, they're currently on Grock 4. So, this is kind currently on Grock 4. So, this is kind currently on Grock 4. So, this is kind of like two model generations ago for of like two model generations ago for of like two model generations ago for Grock. And apparently Elon's starting a Grock. And apparently Elon's starting a Grock. And apparently Elon's starting a new division or something of XAI to new division or something of XAI to new division or something of XAI to build a purely AI software company build a purely AI software company build a purely AI software company called Macrohard. Yes, that is like I called Macrohard. Yes, that is like I called Macrohard. Yes, that is like I guess the opposite of Microsoft. He guess the opposite of Microsoft. He guess the opposite of Microsoft. He says, "Yes, it's a tongue-in-cheek name, says, "Yes, it's a tongue-in-cheek name, says, "Yes, it's a tongue-in-cheek name, but the project is very real. In but the project is very real. In but the project is very real. In principle, given that software companies principle, given that software companies principle, given that software companies like Microsoft do not themselves like Microsoft do not themselves like Microsoft do not themselves manufacture any physical hardware, it manufacture any physical hardware, it manufacture any physical hardware, it should be possible to simulate them should be possible to simulate them should be possible to simulate them entirely with AI." Now, I'm a little entirely with AI." Now, I'm a little entirely with AI." Now, I'm a little confused by this because I thought confused by this because I thought confused by this because I thought Microsoft did sell hardware. I mean, I Microsoft did sell hardware. I mean, I Microsoft did sell hardware. I mean, I guess maybe they don't manufacture the guess maybe they don't manufacture the guess maybe they don't manufacture the hardware, but they do sell hardware. hardware, but they do sell hardware. hardware, but they do sell hardware. Like, the Microsoft Surface computers Like, the Microsoft Surface computers Like, the Microsoft Surface computers and tablets are a thing. I also went and and tablets are a thing. I also went and and tablets are a thing. I also went and toured their quantum lab last time I was toured their quantum lab last time I was toured their quantum lab last time I was in Seattle and saw the Maharana chip in Seattle and saw the Maharana chip in Seattle and saw the Maharana chip that's used for quantum computing. But I that's used for quantum computing. But I that's used for quantum computing. But I mean, I guess Microsoft doesn't mean, I guess Microsoft doesn't mean, I guess Microsoft doesn't physically manufacture them in their own physically manufacture them in their own physically manufacture them in their own factories here in the US. All that to factories here in the US. All that to factories here in the US. All that to say, I have no freaking clue what his say, I have no freaking clue what his say, I have no freaking clue what his plans with macro hard is. I don't know plans with macro hard is. I don't know plans with macro hard is. I don't know what he's trying to build. I'm guessing what he's trying to build. I'm guessing what he's trying to build. I'm guessing like their cloud services like Microsoft like their cloud services like Microsoft like their cloud services like Microsoft Azure, which a lot of companies run on. Azure, which a lot of companies run on. Azure, which a lot of companies run on. Maybe that's what he's trying to clone. Maybe that's what he's trying to clone. Maybe that's what he's trying to clone. I have no idea. Moving on to the I have no idea. Moving on to the I have no idea. Moving on to the opposite of macro hard. Microsoft this opposite of macro hard. Microsoft this opposite of macro hard. Microsoft this week rolled out two new in-house AI week rolled out two new in-house AI week rolled out two new in-house AI models, MAI Voice 1 and MAI1 Preview. models, MAI Voice 1 and MAI1 Preview. models, MAI Voice 1 and MAI1 Preview. MAI Voice 1 is their first highly MAI Voice 1 is their first highly MAI Voice 1 is their first highly expressive natural speech generation expressive natural speech generation expressive natural speech generation model, and they've been testing MAI1 model, and they've been testing MAI1 model, and they've been testing MAI1 Preview over on LM Arena. So, MAI1 Preview over on LM Arena. So, MAI1 Preview over on LM Arena. So, MAI1 Preview appears to be a language model Preview appears to be a language model Preview appears to be a language model that uses a mixture of experts. Don't that uses a mixture of experts. Don't that uses a mixture of experts. Don't know a ton about this one yet, but know a ton about this one yet, but know a ton about this one yet, but apparently if you want to go use Ella apparently if you want to go use Ella apparently if you want to go use Ella Marina, you can test it out. And here's Marina, you can test it out. And here's Marina, you can test it out. And here's a quick demo of what their AI voice a quick demo of what their AI voice a quick demo of what their AI voice model sounds like. model sounds like. model sounds like. On a sunny afternoon, a spirited On a sunny afternoon, a spirited On a sunny afternoon, a spirited four-year-old named Jamie approached a four-year-old named Jamie approached a four-year-old named Jamie approached a grizzled pirate. grizzled pirate. grizzled pirate. Under a sprawling Texas sky, a skeptical Under a sprawling Texas sky, a skeptical Under a sprawling Texas sky, a skeptical cowboy, and an enthusiastic techie met cowboy, and an enthusiastic techie met cowboy, and an enthusiastic techie met outside a diner. outside a diner. outside a diner. You can try it inside of Copilot Labs. You can try it inside of Copilot Labs. You can try it inside of Copilot Labs. copilot.microsoft.com/labsauudioexpression with different modes like emotive and with different modes like emotive and with different modes like emotive and story various voices and different story various voices and different story various voices and different styles so you can make it sound sad or styles so you can make it sound sad or styles so you can make it sound sad or joyous or curious or excited. I'm going joyous or curious or excited. I'm going joyous or curious or excited. I'm going to use the emotive mode voice teak style to use the emotive mode voice teak style to use the emotive mode voice teak style encouragement. Let's see what it sounds encouragement. Let's see what it sounds encouragement. Let's see what it sounds like. like. like. Listen, I totally get it. Slow internet, Listen, I totally get it. Slow internet, Listen, I totally get it. Slow internet, stale air. Who wants to deal with that? stale air. Who wants to deal with that? stale air. Who wants to deal with that? But guess what? You don't have to suffer But guess what? You don't have to suffer But guess what? You don't have to suffer through either of those things anymore. through either of those things anymore. through either of those things anymore. I mean, seriously, let me introduce you I mean, seriously, let me introduce you I mean, seriously, let me introduce you to something that's just incredible. The to something that's just incredible. The to something that's just incredible. The Scented Wi-Fi router. Can you believe Scented Wi-Fi router. Can you believe Scented Wi-Fi router. Can you believe it? It's the world's first router that it? It's the world's first router that it? It's the world's first router that not only gives you blazing fast not only gives you blazing fast not only gives you blazing fast internet, but also fills your home with internet, but also fills your home with internet, but also fills your home with the most delightful aromomas. What's the most delightful aromomas. What's the most delightful aromomas. What's crazy about that is it did sound really crazy about that is it did sound really crazy about that is it did sound really good and natural, but it added a whole good and natural, but it added a whole good and natural, but it added a whole bunch of stuff. Like, this was the bunch of stuff. Like, this was the bunch of stuff. Like, this was the dialogue I gave it, and it just went off dialogue I gave it, and it just went off dialogue I gave it, and it just went off on its own tangents and added a whole on its own tangents and added a whole on its own tangents and added a whole bunch of extra words and sentences in bunch of extra words and sentences in bunch of extra words and sentences in there. So, pretty interesting. But I there. So, pretty interesting. But I there. So, pretty interesting. But I think that also really adds to the sort think that also really adds to the sort think that also really adds to the sort of realism that comes out of it. And of realism that comes out of it. And of realism that comes out of it. And while we're talking about AI voice, while we're talking about AI voice, while we're talking about AI voice, OpenAI rolled out a new feature for OpenAI rolled out a new feature for OpenAI rolled out a new feature for developers inside of their API. It's developers inside of their API. It's developers inside of their API. It's called GPT Realtime and Realtime API for called GPT Realtime and Realtime API for called GPT Realtime and Realtime API for production voice agents. And it's production voice agents. And it's production voice agents. And it's basically that voice mode that you get basically that voice mode that you get basically that voice mode that you get inside of the chat GPT app where you can inside of the chat GPT app where you can inside of the chat GPT app where you can have a conversation with it, but that's have a conversation with it, but that's have a conversation with it, but that's available in the API. So you can bake available in the API. So you can bake available in the API. So you can bake that into like your own apps. Now, that into like your own apps. Now, that into like your own apps. Now, Perplexity this week introduced Comet Perplexity this week introduced Comet Perplexity this week introduced Comet Plus, which is a new subscription that Plus, which is a new subscription that Plus, which is a new subscription that allows users to get access to premium allows users to get access to premium allows users to get access to premium content from trusted publishers and content from trusted publishers and content from trusted publishers and journalists. So, if you have an iPhone, journalists. So, if you have an iPhone, journalists. So, if you have an iPhone, you know how you have the Apple News and you know how you have the Apple News and you know how you have the Apple News and you can actually pay a subscription for you can actually pay a subscription for you can actually pay a subscription for Apple News and it gets you access to Apple News and it gets you access to Apple News and it gets you access to like a whole bunch of different news like a whole bunch of different news like a whole bunch of different news resources that are included in Apple resources that are included in Apple resources that are included in Apple News. Well, Perplexity Comet is News. Well, Perplexity Comet is News. Well, Perplexity Comet is basically doing that. But what's really basically doing that. But what's really basically doing that. But what's really interesting to me about this is this interesting to me about this is this interesting to me about this is this section, the business model for the AI section, the business model for the AI section, the business model for the AI age. Comet Plus subscribers gain access age. Comet Plus subscribers gain access age. Comet Plus subscribers gain access to the sites and content of to the sites and content of to the sites and content of participating publishers. In exchange, participating publishers. In exchange, participating publishers. In exchange, we're distributing all of that revenue we're distributing all of that revenue we're distributing all of that revenue to participating publishers minus a to participating publishers minus a to participating publishers minus a small portion for Perplexity's compute small portion for Perplexity's compute small portion for Perplexity's compute costs. Comet Plus is the first costs. Comet Plus is the first costs. Comet Plus is the first compensation model that allocates compensation model that allocates compensation model that allocates revenue to our partners based on three revenue to our partners based on three revenue to our partners based on three types of internet traffic: human visits, types of internet traffic: human visits, types of internet traffic: human visits, search citations, and agent actions. search citations, and agent actions. search citations, and agent actions. Publishers should settle for nothing Publishers should settle for nothing Publishers should settle for nothing less. The revenue allocation recognizes less. The revenue allocation recognizes less. The revenue allocation recognizes the reality that users now choose how the reality that users now choose how the reality that users now choose how they want to consume information. they want to consume information. they want to consume information. Browsing manually, asking for AI Browsing manually, asking for AI Browsing manually, asking for AI generated answers, or deploying agents generated answers, or deploying agents generated answers, or deploying agents for complex tasks. Publishers deserve for complex tasks. Publishers deserve for complex tasks. Publishers deserve compensation that matches this new compensation that matches this new compensation that matches this new reality. And I totally applaud this. reality. And I totally applaud this. reality. And I totally applaud this. Like this is what we need to see more of Like this is what we need to see more of Like this is what we need to see more of an AI. This is the type of thing that is an AI. This is the type of thing that is an AI. This is the type of thing that is going to get content creators and going to get content creators and going to get content creators and publishers and news outlets finally on publishers and news outlets finally on publishers and news outlets finally on board with AI and these companies board with AI and these companies board with AI and these companies scraping their AI information. They want scraping their AI information. They want scraping their AI information. They want to be compensated for their work. AI is to be compensated for their work. AI is to be compensated for their work. AI is really, really rapidly taking the really, really rapidly taking the really, really rapidly taking the incentives out of content creation. If incentives out of content creation. If incentives out of content creation. If people make content, they want to get people make content, they want to get people make content, they want to get traffic to their website so they can put traffic to their website so they can put traffic to their website so they can put ads on it or sell them a membership or ads on it or sell them a membership or ads on it or sell them a membership or sell them products or sell them sell them products or sell them sell them products or sell them affiliate links or whatever. They want affiliate links or whatever. They want affiliate links or whatever. They want you on their website reading the content you on their website reading the content you on their website reading the content because that's how they make their because that's how they make their because that's how they make their money. And AI is taking your content and money. And AI is taking your content and money. And AI is taking your content and just putting it in an answer to a just putting it in an answer to a just putting it in an answer to a prompt, whether it's on Google or prompt, whether it's on Google or prompt, whether it's on Google or ChatgBT or Perplexi or any of these ChatgBT or Perplexi or any of these ChatgBT or Perplexi or any of these platforms. They're taking that content platforms. They're taking that content platforms. They're taking that content and just putting it in front of you. And and just putting it in front of you. And and just putting it in front of you. And it's really disincentivizing people from it's really disincentivizing people from it's really disincentivizing people from wanting to create new content. And I wanting to create new content. And I wanting to create new content. And I think things like this need to happen. think things like this need to happen. think things like this need to happen. This is where we need to go with AI and This is where we need to go with AI and This is where we need to go with AI and the way they scrape AI. Compensate the the way they scrape AI. Compensate the the way they scrape AI. Compensate the sources of the content somehow. And sources of the content somehow. And sources of the content somehow. And Perplexity is trying. And I really, Perplexity is trying. And I really, Perplexity is trying. And I really, really appreciate that. As we can see really appreciate that. As we can see really appreciate that. As we can see here from their little chart, 80% of the here from their little chart, 80% of the here from their little chart, 80% of the revenue is going to go to the revenue is going to go to the revenue is going to go to the publications. Now, right now, we're just publications. Now, right now, we're just publications. Now, right now, we're just talking big publications. I don't know talking big publications. I don't know talking big publications. I don't know exactly which publications, but like I exactly which publications, but like I exactly which publications, but like I imagine New York Times, Wall Street imagine New York Times, Wall Street imagine New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Wired, places like that that Journal, Wired, places like that that Journal, Wired, places like that that have kind of paywalled content. You have kind of paywalled content. You have kind of paywalled content. You could pay a Perplexity subscription and could pay a Perplexity subscription and could pay a Perplexity subscription and get access to this content that would get access to this content that would get access to this content that would normally be paywalled. But I do see this normally be paywalled. But I do see this normally be paywalled. But I do see this going in the direction of being opened going in the direction of being opened going in the direction of being opened up to more sort of independent content up to more sort of independent content up to more sort of independent content creators down the line as well. So, a creators down the line as well. So, a creators down the line as well. So, a really, really exciting start to really, really exciting start to really, really exciting start to something that I think inevitably needs something that I think inevitably needs something that I think inevitably needs to happen. And while we're on the topic to happen. And while we're on the topic to happen. And while we're on the topic of AI and agentic browsers, Anthropic is of AI and agentic browsers, Anthropic is of AI and agentic browsers, Anthropic is rolling out a Chrome extension. And the rolling out a Chrome extension. And the rolling out a Chrome extension. And the idea is it wants to do a lot of that idea is it wants to do a lot of that idea is it wants to do a lot of that agentic browsing and using AI in your agentic browsing and using AI in your agentic browsing and using AI in your browser, but it wants to do it directly browser, but it wants to do it directly browser, but it wants to do it directly in your real browser. So, we've seen in your real browser. So, we've seen in your real browser. So, we've seen like OpenAI's operator where you give it like OpenAI's operator where you give it like OpenAI's operator where you give it a prompt and it goes and does the a prompt and it goes and does the a prompt and it goes and does the agentic work, but it does it like on a agentic work, but it does it like on a agentic work, but it does it like on a cloud computer on a cloud browser. So, cloud computer on a cloud browser. So, cloud computer on a cloud browser. So, it's not doing anything on your computer it's not doing anything on your computer it's not doing anything on your computer or directly inside of your browser. or directly inside of your browser. or directly inside of your browser. Enthropic is testing out literally Enthropic is testing out literally Enthropic is testing out literally letting AI control your browser, moving letting AI control your browser, moving letting AI control your browser, moving your mouse, typing things for you, your mouse, typing things for you, your mouse, typing things for you, navigating websites for you, purchasing navigating websites for you, purchasing navigating websites for you, purchasing things for you directly in your browser. things for you directly in your browser. things for you directly in your browser. Now, most people don't have access to Now, most people don't have access to Now, most people don't have access to this yet. They're rolling it out to a this yet. They're rolling it out to a this yet. They're rolling it out to a thousand beta testers. You can get on a thousand beta testers. You can get on a thousand beta testers. You can get on a wait list to try it out, but I have no wait list to try it out, but I have no wait list to try it out, but I have no idea if this is going to get fully idea if this is going to get fully idea if this is going to get fully rolled out or not. I guess it kind of rolled out or not. I guess it kind of rolled out or not. I guess it kind of depends on what the testers results are depends on what the testers results are depends on what the testers results are from it. This is one of the craziest from it. This is one of the craziest from it. This is one of the craziest things I've seen this week outside of things I've seen this week outside of things I've seen this week outside of Nano Banana, and that's Craya's new Nano Banana, and that's Craya's new Nano Banana, and that's Craya's new realtime video generation model. This realtime video generation model. This realtime video generation model. This isn't public yet. I got on the wait isn't public yet. I got on the wait isn't public yet. I got on the wait list. I'm hoping to play with it soon, list. I'm hoping to play with it soon, list. I'm hoping to play with it soon, but this looks really cool. You can but this looks really cool. You can but this looks really cool. You can actually control what's happening in the actually control what's happening in the actually control what's happening in the video in real time. You can see on the video in real time. You can see on the video in real time. You can see on the left they've got like an image version left they've got like an image version left they've got like an image version and on the right there's a video but the and on the right there's a video but the and on the right there's a video but the video is changing based on what's going video is changing based on what's going video is changing based on what's going on in the image and it's actually a on in the image and it's actually a on in the image and it's actually a video. Like Korea already had this video. Like Korea already had this video. Like Korea already had this feature rolled out for images but now feature rolled out for images but now feature rolled out for images but now they've got it for video and it looks they've got it for video and it looks they've got it for video and it looks really impressive. Like I don't know if really impressive. Like I don't know if really impressive. Like I don't know if you're going to be able to key frame it. you're going to be able to key frame it. you're going to be able to key frame it. I would imagine that would be the way to I would imagine that would be the way to I would imagine that would be the way to do it is you kind of make the image the do it is you kind of make the image the do it is you kind of make the image the way you want it to start and then you way you want it to start and then you way you want it to start and then you kind of move it in a different direction kind of move it in a different direction kind of move it in a different direction and key frame it. And ideally, you can and key frame it. And ideally, you can and key frame it. And ideally, you can make videos using like uh some sort of make videos using like uh some sort of make videos using like uh some sort of key frame system. I don't know how it key frame system. I don't know how it key frame system. I don't know how it works yet. I don't have access, but it works yet. I don't have access, but it works yet. I don't have access, but it looks really, really impressive. looks really, really impressive. looks really, really impressive. Notebook LM got another update this Notebook LM got another update this Notebook LM got another update this week. It's now available in 80 different week. It's now available in 80 different week. It's now available in 80 different languages. So, if you speak a language languages. So, if you speak a language languages. So, if you speak a language that Notebook LM didn't used to work that Notebook LM didn't used to work that Notebook LM didn't used to work with, well, it probably does now. with, well, it probably does now. with, well, it probably does now. I am fluent in over I am fluent in over I am fluent in over 6 million. 6 million. 6 million. This was a partnership I never saw This was a partnership I never saw This was a partnership I never saw coming. Apparently, Midjourney is coming. Apparently, Midjourney is coming. Apparently, Midjourney is partnering with Meta. Alexander Wang, partnering with Meta. Alexander Wang, partnering with Meta. Alexander Wang, who's the head of the super intelligence who's the head of the super intelligence who's the head of the super intelligence group over at Meta and the founder of group over at Meta and the founder of group over at Meta and the founder of Scale AI, he said on X, "Today, we're Scale AI, he said on X, "Today, we're Scale AI, he said on X, "Today, we're proud to announce a partnership with proud to announce a partnership with proud to announce a partnership with Midjourney to license their aesthetic Midjourney to license their aesthetic Midjourney to license their aesthetic technology for our future models and technology for our future models and technology for our future models and products, bringing beauty to billions." products, bringing beauty to billions." products, bringing beauty to billions." So, Meta has their own image generator. So, Meta has their own image generator. So, Meta has their own image generator. It's called Emu. You can go and use it It's called Emu. You can go and use it It's called Emu. You can go and use it inside of any of the Meta Messenger inside of any of the Meta Messenger inside of any of the Meta Messenger platforms and generate images. But platforms and generate images. But platforms and generate images. But similar to how I was talking earlier similar to how I was talking earlier similar to how I was talking earlier about how Adobe is starting to use like about how Adobe is starting to use like about how Adobe is starting to use like Google's models and Flux models and Google's models and Flux models and Google's models and Flux models and OpenAI models and you can start to use OpenAI models and you can start to use OpenAI models and you can start to use all these other models inside the all these other models inside the all these other models inside the platform. It seems like Meta might be platform. It seems like Meta might be platform. It seems like Meta might be going in that direction with their going in that direction with their going in that direction with their platforms as well. Maybe they don't want platforms as well. Maybe they don't want platforms as well. Maybe they don't want to pursue image and video models as hard to pursue image and video models as hard to pursue image and video models as hard as they used to. So let's go partner as they used to. So let's go partner as they used to. So let's go partner with MidJourney who's already kind of with MidJourney who's already kind of with MidJourney who's already kind of cracked the code and put those models cracked the code and put those models cracked the code and put those models inside of our platforms. That's what it inside of our platforms. That's what it inside of our platforms. That's what it feels like. It'll be really, really feels like. It'll be really, really feels like. It'll be really, really interesting to see how this plays out. interesting to see how this plays out. interesting to see how this plays out. Midjourney's been notorious for not Midjourney's been notorious for not Midjourney's been notorious for not integrating into anything else. The only integrating into anything else. The only integrating into anything else. The only way to use Midjourney is in Discord or way to use Midjourney is in Discord or way to use Midjourney is in Discord or on their website, and there's no API. on their website, and there's no API. on their website, and there's no API. You can't use it in any other platforms. You can't use it in any other platforms. You can't use it in any other platforms. Any other platform that claims, hey, you Any other platform that claims, hey, you Any other platform that claims, hey, you can generate with Midjourney in our can generate with Midjourney in our can generate with Midjourney in our platform without having to pay platform without having to pay platform without having to pay Midjourney's fees. They're lying. Midjourney's fees. They're lying. Midjourney's fees. They're lying. They're they created a model that looks They're they created a model that looks They're they created a model that looks similar to MidJourney, but they're not similar to MidJourney, but they're not similar to MidJourney, but they're not actually using Midjourney. Midjourney is actually using Midjourney. Midjourney is actually using Midjourney. Midjourney is connected to nobody, which makes it so connected to nobody, which makes it so connected to nobody, which makes it so shocking that Meta is the company they shocking that Meta is the company they shocking that Meta is the company they decide to go and partner with. Here's an decide to go and partner with. Here's an decide to go and partner with. Here's an interesting one as well. YouTube has interesting one as well. YouTube has interesting one as well. YouTube has been secretly using AI to edit people's been secretly using AI to edit people's been secretly using AI to edit people's videos. So, apparently, people were just videos. So, apparently, people were just videos. So, apparently, people were just uploading their regular videos to uploading their regular videos to uploading their regular videos to YouTube and behind the scenes, YouTube YouTube and behind the scenes, YouTube YouTube and behind the scenes, YouTube was going and using AI to try to make was going and using AI to try to make was going and using AI to try to make them look better, to like upscale them them look better, to like upscale them them look better, to like upscale them and make them look a little more and make them look a little more and make them look a little more polished. And people started to notice polished. And people started to notice polished. And people started to notice and did not like it at all. People and did not like it at all. People and did not like it at all. People started getting comments from others started getting comments from others started getting comments from others going, "Hey, is this AI generated?" And going, "Hey, is this AI generated?" And going, "Hey, is this AI generated?" And the creator was like, "No, it's not AI the creator was like, "No, it's not AI the creator was like, "No, it's not AI generated." And they go look at their generated." And they go look at their generated." And they go look at their video and they'd be like, "What the video and they'd be like, "What the video and they'd be like, "What the hell? Why does my video look AI hell? Why does my video look AI hell? Why does my video look AI generated?" It was because YouTube was generated?" It was because YouTube was generated?" It was because YouTube was sort of doing stuff behind the scenes to sort of doing stuff behind the scenes to sort of doing stuff behind the scenes to apparently improve the video quality. apparently improve the video quality. apparently improve the video quality. And sort of related, I don't know if And sort of related, I don't know if And sort of related, I don't know if you've seen this whole thing with the you've seen this whole thing with the you've seen this whole thing with the Will Smith video, but this video has Will Smith video, but this video has Will Smith video, but this video has been going around and people have been been going around and people have been been going around and people have been saying, "Is Will Smith really making AI saying, "Is Will Smith really making AI saying, "Is Will Smith really making AI generated videos of crowds and fans?" I generated videos of crowds and fans?" I generated videos of crowds and fans?" I mean, just this little still image here, mean, just this little still image here, mean, just this little still image here, you can see he's got this like frowny you can see he's got this like frowny you can see he's got this like frowny sad face that looks very AI. These sad face that looks very AI. These sad face that looks very AI. These people's hands are like merging people's hands are like merging people's hands are like merging together. And if we take a closer look together. And if we take a closer look together. And if we take a closer look at the video here, I'm going to kind of at the video here, I'm going to kind of at the video here, I'm going to kind of scrub through it here and stop on some scrub through it here and stop on some scrub through it here and stop on some shots. Like here's another one where if shots. Like here's another one where if shots. Like here's another one where if I freeze frame it, some of these faces I freeze frame it, some of these faces I freeze frame it, some of these faces look very like AI. And so people were look very like AI. And so people were look very like AI. And so people were accusing Will Smith of putting out a accusing Will Smith of putting out a accusing Will Smith of putting out a video with a lot of AI clips to make it video with a lot of AI clips to make it video with a lot of AI clips to make it look like he had big crowds and lots of look like he had big crowds and lots of look like he had big crowds and lots of fans out at his show. I mean, look at fans out at his show. I mean, look at fans out at his show. I mean, look at this kid with the Raiders hat. Does that this kid with the Raiders hat. Does that this kid with the Raiders hat. Does that look like it actually says Raiders on look like it actually says Raiders on look like it actually says Raiders on it? Here's another freeze frame that it? Here's another freeze frame that it? Here's another freeze frame that just if you look at the people's faces, just if you look at the people's faces, just if you look at the people's faces, it looks very AI, but apparently this it looks very AI, but apparently this it looks very AI, but apparently this video is not AI. Says these fans aren't video is not AI. Says these fans aren't video is not AI. Says these fans aren't fake. It was pointed out that Will Smith fake. It was pointed out that Will Smith fake. It was pointed out that Will Smith has posted photos and videos throughout has posted photos and videos throughout has posted photos and videos throughout his tour that show some of the same fans his tour that show some of the same fans his tour that show some of the same fans and some of the same footage. We can see and some of the same footage. We can see and some of the same footage. We can see here in this article from The Verge, it here in this article from The Verge, it here in this article from The Verge, it says, "It's bad timing for Smith. says, "It's bad timing for Smith. says, "It's bad timing for Smith. YouTube had recently begun testing a YouTube had recently begun testing a YouTube had recently begun testing a feature that would use traditional feature that would use traditional feature that would use traditional machine learning technology to unblur, machine learning technology to unblur, machine learning technology to unblur, dn noiseise, and improve clarity. These dn noiseise, and improve clarity. These dn noiseise, and improve clarity. These edits made YouTube short look even more edits made YouTube short look even more edits made YouTube short look even more fake than the videos on other platforms. fake than the videos on other platforms. fake than the videos on other platforms. They did share that you'll be able to They did share that you'll be able to They did share that you'll be able to opt out of this on YouTube if you want, opt out of this on YouTube if you want, opt out of this on YouTube if you want, but they haven't rolled that feature out but they haven't rolled that feature out but they haven't rolled that feature out yet. So, supposedly Will Smith put out yet. So, supposedly Will Smith put out yet. So, supposedly Will Smith put out this video. They used AI to try to like this video. They used AI to try to like this video. They used AI to try to like clean it up and make it look better. I clean it up and make it look better. I clean it up and make it look better. I don't know if Will Smith's team did it don't know if Will Smith's team did it don't know if Will Smith's team did it or it was the YouTube algorithm thing or it was the YouTube algorithm thing or it was the YouTube algorithm thing that did it, but either way, they tried that did it, but either way, they tried that did it, but either way, they tried to use AI to improve the video, which to use AI to improve the video, which to use AI to improve the video, which just made the whole video look fake and just made the whole video look fake and just made the whole video look fake and spread accusations and rumors that Will spread accusations and rumors that Will spread accusations and rumors that Will Smith was making AI generated videos of Smith was making AI generated videos of Smith was making AI generated videos of his fans and crowds. But the actual his fans and crowds. But the actual his fans and crowds. But the actual truth is, I don't know. I'm I'm I'm sure truth is, I don't know. I'm I'm I'm sure truth is, I don't know. I'm I'm I'm sure this was real footage, but it was this was real footage, but it was this was real footage, but it was touched up with AI, which just made it touched up with AI, which just made it touched up with AI, which just made it look very very AI. And in the absolute look very very AI. And in the absolute look very very AI. And in the absolute best story of the week and the final best story of the week and the final best story of the week and the final story of today's video, a baby in story of today's video, a baby in story of today's video, a baby in Colombia was registered with the name Colombia was registered with the name Colombia was registered with the name Chat Yippity, a name that was inspired Chat Yippity, a name that was inspired Chat Yippity, a name that was inspired by Chat GPT. So, if you're looking for by Chat GPT. So, if you're looking for by Chat GPT. So, if you're looking for the next hot baby name for your kid and the next hot baby name for your kid and the next hot baby name for your kid and you can't decide, well, maybe go with you can't decide, well, maybe go with you can't decide, well, maybe go with Chat Yippity for your next kid. I mean, Chat Yippity for your next kid. I mean, Chat Yippity for your next kid. I mean, maybe my third kid will be Chat Yippity maybe my third kid will be Chat Yippity maybe my third kid will be Chat Yippity Wolf. We'll see. No, I don't have a kid Wolf. We'll see. No, I don't have a kid Wolf. We'll see. No, I don't have a kid on the way if you're wondering. But on the way if you're wondering. But on the way if you're wondering. But that's what I got for you today. Thank that's what I got for you today. Thank that's what I got for you today. Thank you so much for tuning in and nerding you so much for tuning in and nerding you so much for tuning in and nerding out and having fun with me with all of out and having fun with me with all of out and having fun with me with all of this AI stuff. It's always a blast. I this AI stuff. It's always a blast. I this AI stuff. It's always a blast. I love getting to make these videos for love getting to make these videos for love getting to make these videos for you. This has been an absolute dream you. This has been an absolute dream you. This has been an absolute dream come true that my life now is playing come true that my life now is playing come true that my life now is playing with AI toys and then turning around and with AI toys and then turning around and with AI toys and then turning around and sharing all the AI toys and news with sharing all the AI toys and news with sharing all the AI toys and news with you. And I couldn't be more grateful and you. And I couldn't be more grateful and you. And I couldn't be more grateful and appreciative that you choose to spend appreciative that you choose to spend appreciative that you choose to spend all this time with me learning about all this time with me learning about all this time with me learning about what's going on in the AI world. I do what's going on in the AI world. I do what's going on in the AI world. I do not take that for granted. And I really not take that for granted. And I really not take that for granted. And I really really appreciate every single one of really appreciate every single one of really appreciate every single one of you that tunes in and leaves comments you that tunes in and leaves comments you that tunes in and leaves comments and likes and subscribes and does all and likes and subscribes and does all and likes and subscribes and does all this stuff. I really really appreciate this stuff. I really really appreciate this stuff. I really really appreciate you. Thank you once again for tuning in. you. Thank you once again for tuning in. you. Thank you once again for tuning in. Hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you.
