Title: Alibaba is going all in on Qwen…
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Last week, the worst nightmare of the Last week, the worst nightmare of the Last week, the worst nightmare of the four horsemen of the apocalypse came four horsemen of the apocalypse came four horsemen of the apocalypse came true. Alibaba became a frontier AI lab true. Alibaba became a frontier AI lab true. Alibaba became a frontier AI lab with announcements made during their with announcements made during their with announcements made during their Absara conference, which if you've never Absara conference, which if you've never Absara conference, which if you've never heard of is like the Super Bowl for heard of is like the Super Bowl for heard of is like the Super Bowl for shape rotating aspie comrades with the shape rotating aspie comrades with the shape rotating aspie comrades with the announcement of a $52 billion announcement of a $52 billion announcement of a $52 billion three-phase road map. They've made one three-phase road map. They've made one three-phase road map. They've made one thing clear. They read the comments. Oh, thing clear. They read the comments. Oh, thing clear. They read the comments. Oh, and they're all in on the great race to and they're all in on the great race to and they're all in on the great race to artificial super intelligence. In artificial super intelligence. In artificial super intelligence. In today's video, we'll take a closer look today's video, we'll take a closer look today's video, we'll take a closer look at that road map, break down all of the at that road map, break down all of the at that road map, break down all of the new models they released, and show how new models they released, and show how new models they released, and show how their ultimate plan is to become the their ultimate plan is to become the their ultimate plan is to become the Android of the AI era. It is October Android of the AI era. It is October Android of the AI era. It is October 3rd, 2025, and I hope you're ready to 3rd, 2025, and I hope you're ready to 3rd, 2025, and I hope you're ready to learn Chinese. As a teenage boy, I learn Chinese. As a teenage boy, I learn Chinese. As a teenage boy, I learned that the best things in life learned that the best things in life learned that the best things in life come in threes, and that's why I was come in threes, and that's why I was come in threes, and that's why I was revved up when I heard Alibaba announced revved up when I heard Alibaba announced revved up when I heard Alibaba announced their three-phase road map to ASI. Phase their three-phase road map to ASI. Phase their three-phase road map to ASI. Phase one is emergence of intelligence, where one is emergence of intelligence, where one is emergence of intelligence, where AI achieves generalized understanding by AI achieves generalized understanding by AI achieves generalized understanding by stealing, I mean, learning, vast amounts stealing, I mean, learning, vast amounts stealing, I mean, learning, vast amounts of human knowledge. This is where we of human knowledge. This is where we of human knowledge. This is where we were a few years ago. The phase two is were a few years ago. The phase two is were a few years ago. The phase two is autonomous action where AI can learn to autonomous action where AI can learn to autonomous action where AI can learn to use the languages and tools humans do in use the languages and tools humans do in use the languages and tools humans do in order to offer some assistance. This is order to offer some assistance. This is order to offer some assistance. This is where we are today. And phase three is where we are today. And phase three is where we are today. And phase three is selfiteration where AI can connect to selfiteration where AI can connect to selfiteration where AI can connect to the physical world and learn on its own. the physical world and learn on its own. the physical world and learn on its own. This is where we either all die or live This is where we either all die or live This is where we either all die or live in a gluttonous utopia and Alibaba in a gluttonous utopia and Alibaba in a gluttonous utopia and Alibaba thinks we'll be there by 2032. I have my thinks we'll be there by 2032. I have my thinks we'll be there by 2032. I have my doubts, but they're shipping like doubts, but they're shipping like doubts, but they're shipping like they're addicted to creatine laced with they're addicted to creatine laced with they're addicted to creatine laced with aderall, so it might come true. Their aderall, so it might come true. Their aderall, so it might come true. Their biggest release of the conference was biggest release of the conference was biggest release of the conference was Quen 3 Max. The base model has over 1 Quen 3 Max. The base model has over 1 Quen 3 Max. The base model has over 1 trillion parameters and was pre-trained trillion parameters and was pre-trained trillion parameters and was pre-trained on 36 trillion tokens using its mixture on 36 trillion tokens using its mixture on 36 trillion tokens using its mixture of experts architecture. I know every of experts architecture. I know every of experts architecture. I know every time I mention a benchmark, an intern in time I mention a benchmark, an intern in time I mention a benchmark, an intern in the tenderloin gets mugged, but for the tenderloin gets mugged, but for the tenderloin gets mugged, but for being a non-thinking model, Quen 3 Max being a non-thinking model, Quen 3 Max being a non-thinking model, Quen 3 Max Instruct scores pretty well on the Instruct scores pretty well on the Instruct scores pretty well on the standard benchmarks and there's a standard benchmarks and there's a standard benchmarks and there's a reasoning variant that's currently being reasoning variant that's currently being reasoning variant that's currently being trained that does as well. And the most trained that does as well. And the most trained that does as well. And the most impressive release of the week may be impressive release of the week may be impressive release of the week may be Quen 3VL. Their vision language model Quen 3VL. Their vision language model Quen 3VL. Their vision language model designed to process and understand designed to process and understand designed to process and understand visual input like images and videos. And visual input like images and videos. And visual input like images and videos. And it currently sits at the top of this new it currently sits at the top of this new it currently sits at the top of this new awesome benchmark, Clockbench. It turns awesome benchmark, Clockbench. It turns awesome benchmark, Clockbench. It turns out just like Gen Z, current Frontier out just like Gen Z, current Frontier out just like Gen Z, current Frontier models struggle with reading an analog models struggle with reading an analog models struggle with reading an analog clock. But Quen 3VL is now the tallest clock. But Quen 3VL is now the tallest clock. But Quen 3VL is now the tallest dwarf with 39% accuracy. And it gets dwarf with 39% accuracy. And it gets dwarf with 39% accuracy. And it gets bonus points for being as powerful as it bonus points for being as powerful as it bonus points for being as powerful as it is while being open source and open is while being open source and open is while being open source and open weight. And if vision and language weight. And if vision and language weight. And if vision and language aren't enough, they also released Quen 3 aren't enough, they also released Quen 3 aren't enough, they also released Quen 3 Omni, their multimodal model, which can Omni, their multimodal model, which can Omni, their multimodal model, which can see, hear, read, and talk. And that see, hear, read, and talk. And that see, hear, read, and talk. And that means it's now possible to create means it's now possible to create means it's now possible to create highquality AI girlfriends that are free highquality AI girlfriends that are free highquality AI girlfriends that are free and open- source. But before you go and and open- source. But before you go and and open- source. But before you go and do something foolish like that, you need do something foolish like that, you need do something foolish like that, you need to understand how this AI stuff works at to understand how this AI stuff works at to understand how this AI stuff works at a low level with Brilliant, the sponsor a low level with Brilliant, the sponsor a low level with Brilliant, the sponsor of today's video. A hard truth is that of today's video. A hard truth is that of today's video. A hard truth is that code is useless if you don't understand code is useless if you don't understand code is useless if you don't understand the math and computer science behind it. the math and computer science behind it. the math and computer science behind it. Brilliant helps you master these Brilliant helps you master these Brilliant helps you master these concepts with interactive lessons that concepts with interactive lessons that concepts with interactive lessons that you have to learn by doing, not just you have to learn by doing, not just you have to learn by doing, not just watching video lectures. I'd highly watching video lectures. I'd highly watching video lectures. I'd highly recommend taking their thinking and code recommend taking their thinking and code recommend taking their thinking and code course where you'll learn how to think course where you'll learn how to think course where you'll learn how to think from first principles like an from first principles like an from first principles like an experienced programmer. Most experienced programmer. Most experienced programmer. Most importantly, you'll develop critical importantly, you'll develop critical importantly, you'll develop critical thinking skills through problem solving, thinking skills through problem solving, thinking skills through problem solving, not just memorizing. Try Brilliant for not just memorizing. Try Brilliant for not just memorizing. Try Brilliant for free by visiting brilliant.org/fireship free by visiting brilliant.org/fireship free by visiting brilliant.org/fireship org/fireship or scan the QR code on org/fireship or scan the QR code on org/fireship or scan the QR code on screen to get 20% off a premium annual screen to get 20% off a premium annual screen to get 20% off a premium annual subscription which gives you unlimited subscription which gives you unlimited subscription which gives you unlimited access to everything on Brilliant. This access to everything on Brilliant. This access to everything on Brilliant. This has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next one. one. one. [Music]
