Title: Archon Beta Launch Livestream - What You Missed!
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

Welcome to the Archon beta launch party Welcome to the Archon beta launch party Welcome to the Archon beta launch party live stream recap/condensed live stream recap/condensed live stream recap/condensed version. We had a super exciting live version. We had a super exciting live version. We had a super exciting live stream yesterday that ended up going stream yesterday that ended up going stream yesterday that ended up going three hours long. So I wanted to create three hours long. So I wanted to create three hours long. So I wanted to create a shorter version for you so you can a shorter version for you so you can a shorter version for you so you can still get basically all the value that I still get basically all the value that I still get basically all the value that I gave yesterday but in a third of the gave yesterday but in a third of the gave yesterday but in a third of the time. So I cut out a lot of things like time. So I cut out a lot of things like time. So I cut out a lot of things like the Q&amp;A and waiting for Claude Code to the Q&amp;A and waiting for Claude Code to the Q&amp;A and waiting for Claude Code to finish different parts of our finish different parts of our finish different parts of our development flow. But if you really do development flow. But if you really do development flow. But if you really do want to be a part of the live stream want to be a part of the live stream want to be a part of the live stream definitely check out the full thing. definitely check out the full thing. definitely check out the full thing. I'll have that linked in the I'll have that linked in the I'll have that linked in the description. And also be sure to check description. And also be sure to check description. And also be sure to check out the video that I'll link to right out the video that I'll link to right out the video that I'll link to right here where I introduce Archon on my here where I introduce Archon on my here where I introduce Archon on my channel for the first time. And the channel for the first time. And the channel for the first time. And the purpose of this live stream was twofold. purpose of this live stream was twofold. purpose of this live stream was twofold. First of all, I wanted to give you a First of all, I wanted to give you a First of all, I wanted to give you a live demonstration of using Archon to live demonstration of using Archon to live demonstration of using Archon to give you a deeper understanding of its give you a deeper understanding of its give you a deeper understanding of its purpose and how you can leverage it. And purpose and how you can leverage it. And purpose and how you can leverage it. And then second of all, I wanted to show you then second of all, I wanted to show you then second of all, I wanted to show you that archon works really, really well that archon works really, really well that archon works really, really well with existing strategies for context with existing strategies for context with existing strategies for context engineering that you might be using like engineering that you might be using like engineering that you might be using like cloud flow, the BMAD method, spectrum of cloud flow, the BMAD method, spectrum of cloud flow, the BMAD method, spectrum of development, the PRP framework, all development, the PRP framework, all development, the PRP framework, all these different strategies. And I prove these different strategies. And I prove these different strategies. And I prove that because the focus of this live that because the focus of this live that because the focus of this live stream is using Archon with the BMAD stream is using Archon with the BMAD stream is using Archon with the BMAD method, which also has been highly method, which also has been highly method, which also has been highly requested on my channel recently. So, requested on my channel recently. So, requested on my channel recently. So, I'm super excited to bring that to you. I'm super excited to bring that to you. I'm super excited to bring that to you. So, that's everything that we've got So, that's everything that we've got So, that's everything that we've got here for the condensed version of this here for the condensed version of this here for the condensed version of this live stream that you're about to watch. live stream that you're about to watch. live stream that you're about to watch. With that, let's get right into it. With that, let's get right into it. With that, let's get right into it. Welcome everyone to the Archon beta Welcome everyone to the Archon beta Welcome everyone to the Archon beta launch party live stream. I've been launch party live stream. I've been launch party live stream. I've been looking forward to this all week, all looking forward to this all week, all looking forward to this all week, all month, all summer because we've been month, all summer because we've been month, all summer because we've been working our butts off on Archon for so working our butts off on Archon for so working our butts off on Archon for so long and now we have the beta launch and long and now we have the beta launch and long and now we have the beta launch and I cannot wait for it. So yeah, with that I cannot wait for it. So yeah, with that I cannot wait for it. So yeah, with that I want to really quickly talk about the I want to really quickly talk about the I want to really quickly talk about the plan for the stream today and just like plan for the stream today and just like plan for the stream today and just like the general structure for it and then the general structure for it and then the general structure for it and then I'll share my screen and we'll just dive I'll share my screen and we'll just dive I'll share my screen and we'll just dive right into things. So, first of all, right into things. So, first of all, right into things. So, first of all, this is going to be a pretty casual this is going to be a pretty casual this is going to be a pretty casual stream. I'm going to be kind of like stream. I'm going to be kind of like stream. I'm going to be kind of like leveraging Archon as you would as a new leveraging Archon as you would as a new leveraging Archon as you would as a new user just getting used to the platform, user just getting used to the platform, user just getting used to the platform, figuring out how you want to integrate figuring out how you want to integrate figuring out how you want to integrate it in your own AI development workflow. it in your own AI development workflow. it in your own AI development workflow. And uh maybe I can actually go ahead and And uh maybe I can actually go ahead and And uh maybe I can actually go ahead and share my screen. Okay, so what we're share my screen. Okay, so what we're share my screen. Okay, so what we're going to be doing today is you guys going to be doing today is you guys going to be doing today is you guys hopefully saw the launch the beta launch hopefully saw the launch the beta launch hopefully saw the launch the beta launch video for Archon on Wednesday. Now, I video for Archon on Wednesday. Now, I video for Archon on Wednesday. Now, I want to dive deeper into using Archon. want to dive deeper into using Archon. want to dive deeper into using Archon. We're going to be building something We're going to be building something We're going to be building something from scratch. I'll talk about how we can from scratch. I'll talk about how we can from scratch. I'll talk about how we can use Archon in existing code bases as use Archon in existing code bases as use Archon in existing code bases as well, but I want to start by showing you well, but I want to start by showing you well, but I want to start by showing you guys kind of talking about what Archon guys kind of talking about what Archon guys kind of talking about what Archon is all about. Uh, just to sort of recap is all about. Uh, just to sort of recap is all about. Uh, just to sort of recap some of the things I talked about in the some of the things I talked about in the some of the things I talked about in the the launch video on Wednesday. Then I'll the launch video on Wednesday. Then I'll the launch video on Wednesday. Then I'll I'll quickly show like how you can get I'll quickly show like how you can get I'll quickly show like how you can get it set up. We'll poke around the user it set up. We'll poke around the user it set up. We'll poke around the user interface a little bit. I'll show like interface a little bit. I'll show like interface a little bit. I'll show like how you connect it to your AI coding how you connect it to your AI coding how you connect it to your AI coding assistant with MCP. Then we'll get into assistant with MCP. Then we'll get into assistant with MCP. Then we'll get into using it. And to kind of more simulate using it. And to kind of more simulate using it. And to kind of more simulate what it'd be like for you guys to play what it'd be like for you guys to play what it'd be like for you guys to play around with it for the first time, I'm around with it for the first time, I'm around with it for the first time, I'm going to be using Archon in a going to be using Archon in a going to be using Archon in a development workflow that I'm not very development workflow that I'm not very development workflow that I'm not very familiar with myself. So, we're going to familiar with myself. So, we're going to familiar with myself. So, we're going to be doing some freestyling in this be doing some freestyling in this be doing some freestyling in this stream. It's going to be fun. And so the stream. It's going to be fun. And so the stream. It's going to be fun. And so the development workflow that we are going development workflow that we are going development workflow that we are going to be covering in this stream is the to be covering in this stream is the to be covering in this stream is the BMAD method which by the way it is BMAD method which by the way it is BMAD method which by the way it is insane how many comments I get from you insane how many comments I get from you insane how many comments I get from you guys in my videos and in the Dynamis guys in my videos and in the Dynamis guys in my videos and in the Dynamis community asking for me to cover BMAD. community asking for me to cover BMAD. community asking for me to cover BMAD. So there's a lot of love for this. It is So there's a lot of love for this. It is So there's a lot of love for this. It is a really really cool framework. Um just a really really cool framework. Um just a really really cool framework. Um just one of the methods that we have for one of the methods that we have for one of the methods that we have for context engineering. So I cover the PRP context engineering. So I cover the PRP context engineering. So I cover the PRP framework a lot on my channel. Um, I've framework a lot on my channel. Um, I've framework a lot on my channel. Um, I've talked about the spectriven development talked about the spectriven development talked about the spectriven development that we have in AI idees like Curo. BMAD that we have in AI idees like Curo. BMAD that we have in AI idees like Curo. BMAD is another method for context is another method for context is another method for context engineering. And so, we're going to be engineering. And so, we're going to be engineering. And so, we're going to be integrating BMAD with Archon in this integrating BMAD with Archon in this integrating BMAD with Archon in this stream. And I've done a little bit of stream. And I've done a little bit of stream. And I've done a little bit of prep just to make sure I understand how prep just to make sure I understand how prep just to make sure I understand how BMAD works overall, but I haven't used BMAD works overall, but I haven't used BMAD works overall, but I haven't used it ever to build a project end to end. it ever to build a project end to end. it ever to build a project end to end. And so, like I said, very much And so, like I said, very much And so, like I said, very much freestyling. I'm going to be playing freestyling. I'm going to be playing freestyling. I'm going to be playing around with how I can integrate Archon around with how I can integrate Archon around with how I can integrate Archon with BMAD with you guys live so that you with BMAD with you guys live so that you with BMAD with you guys live so that you get a sense of if you're integrating get a sense of if you're integrating get a sense of if you're integrating Archon into your development workflow. Archon into your development workflow. Archon into your development workflow. What does it look like to just poke What does it look like to just poke What does it look like to just poke around and experiment with prompting and around and experiment with prompting and around and experiment with prompting and using the Archon MCP to really build it using the Archon MCP to really build it using the Archon MCP to really build it into what you're doing already? Like into what you're doing already? Like into what you're doing already? Like everyone here has an existing process or everyone here has an existing process or everyone here has an existing process or at least you're starting to get yourself at least you're starting to get yourself at least you're starting to get yourself introduced to using coding assistance. introduced to using coding assistance. introduced to using coding assistance. And so I want to make it really easy to And so I want to make it really easy to And so I want to make it really easy to see how Archon can fit in no matter what see how Archon can fit in no matter what see how Archon can fit in no matter what you already are doing for your AI you already are doing for your AI you already are doing for your AI development workflow. So that's what development workflow. So that's what development workflow. So that's what we're going to be doing and it's going we're going to be doing and it's going we're going to be doing and it's going to be fun. So the first thing that I to be fun. So the first thing that I to be fun. So the first thing that I want to talk about before we get into want to talk about before we get into want to talk about before we get into this is just you know what Archon is this is just you know what Archon is this is just you know what Archon is about. And so I'll I'll dive into that about. And so I'll I'll dive into that about. And so I'll I'll dive into that in a second. And I guess the the last in a second. And I guess the the last in a second. And I guess the the last thing that I want to say here before we thing that I want to say here before we thing that I want to say here before we dive into things is dive into things is dive into things is um there might be a lot of like let's um there might be a lot of like let's um there might be a lot of like let's just dive into things and and get things just dive into things and and get things just dive into things and and get things to work. It's going to be kind of to work. It's going to be kind of to work. It's going to be kind of scrappy. It's going to be fun, but I scrappy. It's going to be fun, but I scrappy. It's going to be fun, but I don't know for sure if we're going to don't know for sure if we're going to don't know for sure if we're going to have something working end to end by the have something working end to end by the have something working end to end by the end of this live stream because more of end of this live stream because more of end of this live stream because more of the point is diving into how we can the point is diving into how we can the point is diving into how we can experiment with integrating Archon into experiment with integrating Archon into experiment with integrating Archon into our workflow versus like let's fully our workflow versus like let's fully our workflow versus like let's fully build something end to end. Like I don't build something end to end. Like I don't build something end to end. Like I don't have the live stream structured in that have the live stream structured in that have the live stream structured in that way and I'm doing that intentionally. um way and I'm doing that intentionally. um way and I'm doing that intentionally. um for the reasons that I've already been for the reasons that I've already been for the reasons that I've already been talking about. So I don't I don't want talking about. So I don't I don't want talking about. So I don't I don't want to repeat myself here. The the one thing to repeat myself here. The the one thing to repeat myself here. The the one thing I'll say though is if you're interested I'll say though is if you're interested I'll say though is if you're interested in seeing my full development workflow in seeing my full development workflow in seeing my full development workflow in a much more structured way talking in a much more structured way talking in a much more structured way talking about context engineering and archon and about context engineering and archon and about context engineering and archon and how I use it in my workflow. Something how I use it in my workflow. Something how I use it in my workflow. Something really exciting that I've got going on really exciting that I've got going on really exciting that I've got going on um in the Dynamis community and let me um in the Dynamis community and let me um in the Dynamis community and let me I'll actually uh bring this over from my I'll actually uh bring this over from my I'll actually uh bring this over from my other monitor here. I'm hosting a other monitor here. I'm hosting a other monitor here. I'm hosting a half-day workshop, a 4hour workshop. half-day workshop, a 4hour workshop. half-day workshop, a 4hour workshop. It's going to be the end of this month, It's going to be the end of this month, It's going to be the end of this month, Wednesday, August 27th. And this is Wednesday, August 27th. And this is Wednesday, August 27th. And this is where I'm going to dive into a much more where I'm going to dive into a much more where I'm going to dive into a much more structured approach. So, it's going to structured approach. So, it's going to structured approach. So, it's going to be a lot different from this live be a lot different from this live be a lot different from this live stream. Like, this live stream is going stream. Like, this live stream is going stream. Like, this live stream is going to be more casual. We're just building to be more casual. We're just building to be more casual. We're just building things, freestyling together. I'm going things, freestyling together. I'm going things, freestyling together. I'm going to be answering a lot of your guys' to be answering a lot of your guys' to be answering a lot of your guys' questions in the chat throughout as questions in the chat throughout as questions in the chat throughout as well. But, this workshop is going to be well. But, this workshop is going to be well. But, this workshop is going to be a lot more structured. Like, I'll dive a lot more structured. Like, I'll dive a lot more structured. Like, I'll dive into my full AI development workflow. into my full AI development workflow. into my full AI development workflow. We're going to build something from We're going to build something from We're going to build something from scratch using PRPs and archon. A lot of scratch using PRPs and archon. A lot of scratch using PRPs and archon. A lot of the things that I've been covering on my the things that I've been covering on my the things that I've been covering on my channel is going to be in this very channel is going to be in this very channel is going to be in this very comprehensive workshop. So, if you're comprehensive workshop. So, if you're comprehensive workshop. So, if you're interested in this, like my goal is to interested in this, like my goal is to interested in this, like my goal is to make it so that this this workshop alone make it so that this this workshop alone make it so that this this workshop alone is worth the investment of Dynamist. And is worth the investment of Dynamist. And is worth the investment of Dynamist. And so, uh, yeah, I just wanted to mention so, uh, yeah, I just wanted to mention so, uh, yeah, I just wanted to mention that really quickly because it's it's that really quickly because it's it's that really quickly because it's it's very much like related to like here's very much like related to like here's very much like related to like here's what you'd want to do if you like what what you'd want to do if you like what what you'd want to do if you like what we're diving into in this live stream we're diving into in this live stream we're diving into in this live stream and you want something that's a lot more and you want something that's a lot more and you want something that's a lot more structured. So definitely check out structured. So definitely check out structured. So definitely check out Dynamus also because the prices will for Dynamus also because the prices will for Dynamus also because the prices will for Dynamis are going to increase after um Dynamis are going to increase after um Dynamis are going to increase after um this weekend. So this is like the this weekend. So this is like the this weekend. So this is like the special Archon beta launch weekend and special Archon beta launch weekend and special Archon beta launch weekend and then prices are going to go up after. So then prices are going to go up after. So then prices are going to go up after. So I just wanted to mention that quickly. U I just wanted to mention that quickly. U I just wanted to mention that quickly. U but for our workshop right now, we're but for our workshop right now, we're but for our workshop right now, we're just going to have a really good time. just going to have a really good time. just going to have a really good time. And so yeah, let's go over to the Archon And so yeah, let's go over to the Archon And so yeah, let's go over to the Archon repo here. It is the operating system repo here. It is the operating system repo here. It is the operating system for AI coding. And so what that means is for AI coding. And so what that means is for AI coding. And so what that means is it's the command center. So for us, it's it's the command center. So for us, it's it's the command center. So for us, it's a sleek user interface. Like if I go to a sleek user interface. Like if I go to a sleek user interface. Like if I go to the project management for example, the project management for example, the project management for example, we've got a sleek user interface to we've got a sleek user interface to we've got a sleek user interface to manage all of our tasks. We've got a manage all of our tasks. We've got a manage all of our tasks. We've got a place to manage the knowledge that we place to manage the knowledge that we place to manage the knowledge that we want to give our coding assistants. So I want to give our coding assistants. So I want to give our coding assistants. So I can perform rag to like actually search can perform rag to like actually search can perform rag to like actually search through the pyantic AI documentation or through the pyantic AI documentation or through the pyantic AI documentation or the cloud code documentation. So it's a the cloud code documentation. So it's a the cloud code documentation. So it's a UI for us to manage everything. And then UI for us to manage everything. And then UI for us to manage everything. And then for the coding assistant, it's an MCP for the coding assistant, it's an MCP for the coding assistant, it's an MCP server. So it's kind of like leveraging server. So it's kind of like leveraging server. So it's kind of like leveraging what's native to humans and what's what's native to humans and what's what's native to humans and what's native to coding assistants. So we all native to coding assistants. So we all native to coding assistants. So we all can work on the same set of context as can work on the same set of context as can work on the same set of context as we are context engineering. That's the we are context engineering. That's the we are context engineering. That's the beauty of it. And it's possible to beauty of it. And it's possible to beauty of it. And it's possible to connect it to any AI coding assistant connect it to any AI coding assistant connect it to any AI coding assistant that supports MCP. And so we have that supports MCP. And so we have that supports MCP. And so we have instructions if I go to like the MCP instructions if I go to like the MCP instructions if I go to like the MCP server tab. And I'll talk about how you server tab. And I'll talk about how you server tab. And I'll talk about how you can get this all running in a second by can get this all running in a second by can get this all running in a second by the way. Uh but like we have a tab for the way. Uh but like we have a tab for the way. Uh but like we have a tab for all the popular coding assistants and um all the popular coding assistants and um all the popular coding assistants and um really just to keep the UI concise. We really just to keep the UI concise. We really just to keep the UI concise. We didn't include like 20 different coding didn't include like 20 different coding didn't include like 20 different coding assistants, but you can connect this to assistants, but you can connect this to assistants, but you can connect this to every single coding assistant basically. every single coding assistant basically. every single coding assistant basically. So we have instructions for popular ones So we have instructions for popular ones So we have instructions for popular ones like Klein and Claude Code like we'll be like Klein and Claude Code like we'll be like Klein and Claude Code like we'll be using today. I'll actually copy this using today. I'll actually copy this using today. I'll actually copy this command right here. So this is the command right here. So this is the command right here. So this is the command that you run when you have command that you run when you have command that you run when you have Claude installed to hook in the Archon Claude installed to hook in the Archon Claude installed to hook in the Archon MCP server. And um actually maybe I'll MCP server. And um actually maybe I'll MCP server. And um actually maybe I'll actually just go ahead and do that right actually just go ahead and do that right actually just go ahead and do that right now. So, I've got my terminal open. now. So, I've got my terminal open. now. So, I've got my terminal open. We're going to be living and breathing We're going to be living and breathing We're going to be living and breathing in this terminal today as we do our in this terminal today as we do our in this terminal today as we do our demo. And so, to add the archon mcp demo. And so, to add the archon mcp demo. And so, to add the archon mcp after I have it up and running, I just after I have it up and running, I just after I have it up and running, I just have to run this command. Like, it's have to run this command. Like, it's have to run this command. Like, it's that easy. And I already have it that easy. And I already have it that easy. And I already have it running, which is why I get this message running, which is why I get this message running, which is why I get this message right here. But if I do a cloud MCP right here. But if I do a cloud MCP right here. But if I do a cloud MCP list, then it'll check and even validate list, then it'll check and even validate list, then it'll check and even validate the connection to Archon. So, that's how the connection to Archon. So, that's how the connection to Archon. So, that's how easy it is to get it connected once you easy it is to get it connected once you easy it is to get it connected once you have the UI up and running. And I I have the UI up and running. And I I have the UI up and running. And I I cover instructions for like how to set cover instructions for like how to set cover instructions for like how to set up everything in the video that I put up everything in the video that I put up everything in the video that I put out on Wednesday. But really, if you go out on Wednesday. But really, if you go out on Wednesday. But really, if you go to this link, so you can just go to the to this link, so you can just go to the to this link, so you can just go to the Archon GitHub repository. Also, if you Archon GitHub repository. Also, if you Archon GitHub repository. Also, if you just go to the URL archon.y, just go to the URL archon.y, just go to the URL archon.y, this will take you to the GitHub this will take you to the GitHub this will take you to the GitHub repository as well. So, I have a a URL repository as well. So, I have a a URL repository as well. So, I have a a URL that just like redirects you right to that just like redirects you right to that just like redirects you right to the to the GitHub repo. So, it's really the to the GitHub repo. So, it's really the to the GitHub repo. So, it's really easy for you guys to access it. Um, so easy for you guys to access it. Um, so easy for you guys to access it. Um, so yeah, just archon.diy. yeah, just archon.diy. yeah, just archon.diy. And then in the read me here, I have And then in the read me here, I have And then in the read me here, I have your quick start instructions. So, super your quick start instructions. So, super your quick start instructions. So, super super easy to get started. There are a super easy to get started. There are a super easy to get started. There are a couple of things that people have been couple of things that people have been couple of things that people have been tripping up on that I want to address tripping up on that I want to address tripping up on that I want to address really quickly. Uh because honestly, really quickly. Uh because honestly, really quickly. Uh because honestly, like if you guys want to follow along in like if you guys want to follow along in like if you guys want to follow along in this live stream as I start using this live stream as I start using this live stream as I start using Archon, I'd welcome it. Um and so, yeah, Archon, I'd welcome it. Um and so, yeah, Archon, I'd welcome it. Um and so, yeah, prerex, you just need to have Docker prerex, you just need to have Docker prerex, you just need to have Docker Desktop. Uh you need a Superbase Desktop. Uh you need a Superbase Desktop. Uh you need a Superbase account. You can the free tier works account. You can the free tier works account. You can the free tier works like you don't have to pay anything to like you don't have to pay anything to like you don't have to pay anything to use Archon. Um or you can even use local use Archon. Um or you can even use local use Archon. Um or you can even use local Superbase. So like if you're following Superbase. So like if you're following Superbase. So like if you're following along with my all my local AI stuff and along with my all my local AI stuff and along with my all my local AI stuff and you have the local AI package up and you have the local AI package up and you have the local AI package up and running, you can use that superbase. Um running, you can use that superbase. Um running, you can use that superbase. Um and then also you just need your API key and then also you just need your API key and then also you just need your API key for OpenAI. We also support Gemini and for OpenAI. We also support Gemini and for OpenAI. We also support Gemini and Olama. So Olama is kind of more Olama. So Olama is kind of more Olama. So Olama is kind of more experimental right now. It's in the experimental right now. It's in the experimental right now. It's in the works. Um but we are we have actually an works. Um but we are we have actually an works. Um but we are we have actually an active effort on that with a PR coming active effort on that with a PR coming active effort on that with a PR coming into Archon soon as well. And that's into Archon soon as well. And that's into Archon soon as well. And that's kind of the other big preface I want to kind of the other big preface I want to kind of the other big preface I want to give for Archon is like when I say that give for Archon is like when I say that give for Archon is like when I say that it's in beta like there there are things it's in beta like there there are things it's in beta like there there are things that are like not working 100% at this that are like not working 100% at this that are like not working 100% at this point and there are more experimental point and there are more experimental point and there are more experimental parts of the platform that um we have parts of the platform that um we have parts of the platform that um we have like things that are saying coming soon like things that are saying coming soon like things that are saying coming soon or it just does like it needs to be or it just does like it needs to be or it just does like it needs to be tidied up. We're working on that. Like tidied up. We're working on that. Like tidied up. We're working on that. Like I'm I'm putting in a lot of my effort a I'm I'm putting in a lot of my effort a I'm I'm putting in a lot of my effort a majority of my effort into Archon and majority of my effort into Archon and majority of my effort into Archon and everything related to context everything related to context everything related to context engineering that I have like kind of engineering that I have like kind of engineering that I have like kind of playing into Archon. So yeah, these are playing into Archon. So yeah, these are playing into Archon. So yeah, these are the prerexs and then you just have to the prerexs and then you just have to the prerexs and then you just have to clone the repo and then set up your clone the repo and then set up your clone the repo and then set up your environment variables and really it's environment variables and really it's environment variables and really it's just you have to get your superbase URL just you have to get your superbase URL just you have to get your superbase URL and service ro key. And maybe I could and service ro key. And maybe I could and service ro key. And maybe I could actually show that really quick as well. actually show that really quick as well. actually show that really quick as well. I feel like that'd be useful just for I feel like that'd be useful just for I feel like that'd be useful just for the people that have been tripping up. the people that have been tripping up. the people that have been tripping up. One thing that I've been seeing a lot is One thing that I've been seeing a lot is One thing that I've been seeing a lot is um people are using their anonymous key um people are using their anonymous key um people are using their anonymous key in Superbase instead of their service in Superbase instead of their service in Superbase instead of their service roll one. And so I'm just going to bring roll one. And so I'm just going to bring roll one. And so I'm just going to bring over my Superbase here and show you what over my Superbase here and show you what over my Superbase here and show you what I'm talking about. So, I have a just I'm talking about. So, I have a just I'm talking about. So, I have a just like a basic $10 a month micro instance like a basic $10 a month micro instance like a basic $10 a month micro instance set up for a lot of the testing I've set up for a lot of the testing I've set up for a lot of the testing I've been doing with Archon. You just go to been doing with Archon. You just go to been doing with Archon. You just go to your project settings in Superbase. And your project settings in Superbase. And your project settings in Superbase. And when you go to the API key section, you when you go to the API key section, you when you go to the API key section, you just reveal and copy the service role just reveal and copy the service role just reveal and copy the service role key. So, that's the key that you put key. So, that's the key that you put key. So, that's the key that you put into the environment variables for into the environment variables for into the environment variables for archon. And then for the data API, you archon. And then for the data API, you archon. And then for the data API, you get your URL here. get your URL here. get your URL here. And then you can do a similar thing for And then you can do a similar thing for And then you can do a similar thing for uh self-hosted superbase. You just get uh self-hosted superbase. You just get uh self-hosted superbase. You just get your values from the environment your values from the environment your values from the environment variables. So, not to dive too much into variables. So, not to dive too much into variables. So, not to dive too much into the setup right now just because I the setup right now just because I the setup right now just because I covered that in the video on Wednesday covered that in the video on Wednesday covered that in the video on Wednesday already, but I wanted to at least call already, but I wanted to at least call already, but I wanted to at least call that out because a couple of uh issues that out because a couple of uh issues that out because a couple of uh issues have been created around that. Um, so have been created around that. Um, so have been created around that. Um, so yeah, and then once you have your yeah, and then once you have your yeah, and then once you have your environment variable set up, you can set environment variable set up, you can set environment variable set up, you can set up your database. And so within the up your database. And so within the up your database. And so within the migrations folder, I've got a single migrations folder, I've got a single migrations folder, I've got a single script that you can run. You can copy script that you can run. You can copy script that you can run. You can copy this script, go into your Superbase SQL this script, go into your Superbase SQL this script, go into your Superbase SQL editor, and you can create a new editor, and you can create a new editor, and you can create a new snippet, and then you just paste this in snippet, and then you just paste this in snippet, and then you just paste this in and run it. So, this is going to create and run it. So, this is going to create and run it. So, this is going to create all of the archon tables for managing all of the archon tables for managing all of the archon tables for managing your knowledge and your tasks and your your knowledge and your tasks and your your knowledge and your tasks and your documents. Uh, very, very easy setup. documents. Uh, very, very easy setup. documents. Uh, very, very easy setup. And then I'll go back to the readme And then I'll go back to the readme And then I'll go back to the readme here. Um, because then the last thing is here. Um, because then the last thing is here. Um, because then the last thing is to build spin up the containers. So, you to build spin up the containers. So, you to build spin up the containers. So, you just run this docker compose command. We just run this docker compose command. We just run this docker compose command. We got docker as one of our pre-wax for got docker as one of our pre-wax for got docker as one of our pre-wax for this. And so, you run that and it'll this. And so, you run that and it'll this. And so, you run that and it'll spin up all the containers. And then you spin up all the containers. And then you spin up all the containers. And then you have everything running for archon. And have everything running for archon. And have everything running for archon. And so what that'll look like in your Docker so what that'll look like in your Docker so what that'll look like in your Docker desktop is you'll have four containers desktop is you'll have four containers desktop is you'll have four containers running under the archon umbrella. We've running under the archon umbrella. We've running under the archon umbrella. We've got our agents, which this is a feature got our agents, which this is a feature got our agents, which this is a feature that is more coming soon. But then we that is more coming soon. But then we that is more coming soon. But then we have our MCP server, the user interface have our MCP server, the user interface have our MCP server, the user interface that we've already been looking at a that we've already been looking at a that we've already been looking at a bit, and then we have our server that bit, and then we have our server that bit, and then we have our server that has all of our API endpoints so that our has all of our API endpoints so that our has all of our API endpoints so that our UI can interact with everything that the UI can interact with everything that the UI can interact with everything that the MCP server can for our coding assistant. MCP server can for our coding assistant. MCP server can for our coding assistant. So that's what the setup looks like. And So that's what the setup looks like. And So that's what the setup looks like. And then if you go to local host port 3737, then if you go to local host port 3737, then if you go to local host port 3737, that'll take you through an onboarding that'll take you through an onboarding that'll take you through an onboarding flow where we have you set your OpenAI flow where we have you set your OpenAI flow where we have you set your OpenAI API key um or you can just skip past API key um or you can just skip past API key um or you can just skip past that and then go and set your uh Google that and then go and set your uh Google that and then go and set your uh Google API key. So we support Gemini as well. API key. So we support Gemini as well. API key. So we support Gemini as well. And then Olama, like I said, is And then Olama, like I said, is And then Olama, like I said, is experimental coming soon. So a lot of experimental coming soon. So a lot of experimental coming soon. So a lot of things that we're working on that are things that we're working on that are things that we're working on that are coming soon. Um it's like things like coming soon. Um it's like things like coming soon. Um it's like things like Olama. So yeah. Uh, and then once you're Olama. So yeah. Uh, and then once you're Olama. So yeah. Uh, and then once you're in Archon and you have everything set in Archon and you have everything set in Archon and you have everything set up, this is where the fun begins because up, this is where the fun begins because up, this is where the fun begins because this is where we can start to scrape this is where we can start to scrape this is where we can start to scrape knowledge and get our global rule set up knowledge and get our global rule set up knowledge and get our global rule set up for Archon. This is where the fun for Archon. This is where the fun for Archon. This is where the fun begins. And so begins. And so begins. And so yeah, um, to start, I think now is a yeah, um, to start, I think now is a yeah, um, to start, I think now is a good time. I'm I'm going to kind of like good time. I'm I'm going to kind of like good time. I'm I'm going to kind of like treat this as if I'm using Archon from treat this as if I'm using Archon from treat this as if I'm using Archon from scratch. So, I have some things that are scratch. So, I have some things that are scratch. So, I have some things that are crawled already that I'm going to be crawled already that I'm going to be crawled already that I'm going to be using in the the demo today, but I'm using in the the demo today, but I'm using in the the demo today, but I'm going to act like I don't have that. And going to act like I don't have that. And going to act like I don't have that. And so, I'm going to start from scratch, so, I'm going to start from scratch, so, I'm going to start from scratch, talk about like what we're going to be talk about like what we're going to be talk about like what we're going to be building, and I put a lot of thought building, and I put a lot of thought building, and I put a lot of thought into just having like a really cool use into just having like a really cool use into just having like a really cool use case for you guys. And then, we'll get case for you guys. And then, we'll get case for you guys. And then, we'll get into the BMAD method. We'll actually into the BMAD method. We'll actually into the BMAD method. We'll actually start more with BMAD and then start start more with BMAD and then start start more with BMAD and then start seeing how Archon can play into it seeing how Archon can play into it seeing how Archon can play into it because I want to show you guys how your because I want to show you guys how your because I want to show you guys how your existing strategies work with Archon. existing strategies work with Archon. existing strategies work with Archon. So, what we're going to be building So, what we're going to be building So, what we're going to be building today is going to be something kind of today is going to be something kind of today is going to be something kind of like this tool. So, if you guys haven't like this tool. So, if you guys haven't like this tool. So, if you guys haven't heard of Claude Code UI, and there's a heard of Claude Code UI, and there's a heard of Claude Code UI, and there's a lot of tools that are like it, it's lot of tools that are like it, it's lot of tools that are like it, it's basically a user interface. So, like in basically a user interface. So, like in basically a user interface. So, like in mobile and on the web, we can manage mobile and on the web, we can manage mobile and on the web, we can manage different Claude Code instances. And so, different Claude Code instances. And so, different Claude Code instances. And so, I'll open this image in a new tab so you I'll open this image in a new tab so you I'll open this image in a new tab so you guys can see kind of like like what what guys can see kind of like like what what guys can see kind of like like what what I envision creating. And again, we might I envision creating. And again, we might I envision creating. And again, we might not like have an end result that looks not like have an end result that looks not like have an end result that looks like this by the end of this stream like this by the end of this stream like this by the end of this stream because I want to focus so much on like because I want to focus so much on like because I want to focus so much on like answering your guys's questions, talking answering your guys's questions, talking answering your guys's questions, talking about Archon, and integrating with BMAD, about Archon, and integrating with BMAD, about Archon, and integrating with BMAD, but we might get something kind of like but we might get something kind of like but we might get something kind of like we'll see. Well, this is kind of what we'll see. Well, this is kind of what we'll see. Well, this is kind of what I'm envisioning here where we have a I'm envisioning here where we have a I'm envisioning here where we have a user interface. We'll build a website user interface. We'll build a website user interface. We'll build a website with Nex.js JS where we have just like with Nex.js JS where we have just like with Nex.js JS where we have just like an easier way to manage the our cloud an easier way to manage the our cloud an easier way to manage the our cloud code instances and we'll use the cloud code instances and we'll use the cloud code instances and we'll use the cloud code SDK that they offer so that we can code SDK that they offer so that we can code SDK that they offer so that we can build our own application that is build our own application that is build our own application that is invoking cloud code and we can manage um invoking cloud code and we can manage um invoking cloud code and we can manage um the different instances at the same the different instances at the same the different instances at the same time. We can see like a log of the time. We can see like a log of the time. We can see like a log of the terminals that we have open and all the terminals that we have open and all the terminals that we have open and all the work that they're doing which is also work that they're doing which is also work that they're doing which is also going to be a cool way to manage sub going to be a cool way to manage sub going to be a cool way to manage sub agents by the way within cloud codes. agents by the way within cloud codes. agents by the way within cloud codes. you can have them all running at the you can have them all running at the you can have them all running at the same time and managing them separately same time and managing them separately same time and managing them separately and like having that integrated with and like having that integrated with and like having that integrated with Archon as well. So like this is kind of Archon as well. So like this is kind of Archon as well. So like this is kind of just to give you guys like a rough idea just to give you guys like a rough idea just to give you guys like a rough idea of what I'm envisioning here, what we're of what I'm envisioning here, what we're of what I'm envisioning here, what we're going to create together. Um just to going to create together. Um just to going to create together. Um just to give you a demo of BMAD plus Archon and give you a demo of BMAD plus Archon and give you a demo of BMAD plus Archon and yeah, Cloud Code UI is not a tool that yeah, Cloud Code UI is not a tool that yeah, Cloud Code UI is not a tool that I've actually tried myself. I've used I've actually tried myself. I've used I've actually tried myself. I've used other similar ones, but I just found other similar ones, but I just found other similar ones, but I just found this one recently and I thought that this one recently and I thought that this one recently and I thought that this was like a they just had nice this was like a they just had nice this was like a they just had nice screenshots showing what it looks like. screenshots showing what it looks like. screenshots showing what it looks like. So, I thought it'd be a nice way to give So, I thought it'd be a nice way to give So, I thought it'd be a nice way to give you guys a visual of what I'm hoping to you guys a visual of what I'm hoping to you guys a visual of what I'm hoping to create because obviously I can't give create because obviously I can't give create because obviously I can't give you guys a demo of something like I do you guys a demo of something like I do you guys a demo of something like I do in my YouTube videos because in my in my YouTube videos because in my in my YouTube videos because in my YouTube videos, I'll fully build it out YouTube videos, I'll fully build it out YouTube videos, I'll fully build it out first, then I'll record basically like first, then I'll record basically like first, then I'll record basically like recreating it. So, that way I can like recreating it. So, that way I can like recreating it. So, that way I can like give you guys a demo up front and then give you guys a demo up front and then give you guys a demo up front and then create basically a replica so you see create basically a replica so you see create basically a replica so you see the full process. So, that's what it the full process. So, that's what it the full process. So, that's what it looks like in something a lot more looks like in something a lot more looks like in something a lot more structured like a YouTube video or like structured like a YouTube video or like structured like a YouTube video or like that workshop that I have in Dynamus that workshop that I have in Dynamus that workshop that I have in Dynamus coming up here. Um, but then for this coming up here. Um, but then for this coming up here. Um, but then for this live stream, we're just freestyling. So, live stream, we're just freestyling. So, live stream, we're just freestyling. So, that's what I want to create. So, all that's what I want to create. So, all that's what I want to create. So, all right. Now, we can dive into BMAD. And, right. Now, we can dive into BMAD. And, right. Now, we can dive into BMAD. And, uh, by the way, once we start using uh, by the way, once we start using uh, by the way, once we start using BMAD, that's when we'll have more BMAD, that's when we'll have more BMAD, that's when we'll have more natural breaks for me to take a look at natural breaks for me to take a look at natural breaks for me to take a look at the chat here. So, I have the chat on my the chat here. So, I have the chat on my the chat here. So, I have the chat on my left monitor. I see that it's going left monitor. I see that it's going left monitor. I see that it's going crazy. I appreciate all you guys being crazy. I appreciate all you guys being crazy. I appreciate all you guys being here and commenting. So, I'll definitely here and commenting. So, I'll definitely here and commenting. So, I'll definitely be diving into uh some of your guys's be diving into uh some of your guys's be diving into uh some of your guys's questions once uh we got some things questions once uh we got some things questions once uh we got some things running in Cloud Code. So, let's start running in Cloud Code. So, let's start running in Cloud Code. So, let's start with a little intro to BMAD and then with a little intro to BMAD and then with a little intro to BMAD and then once we start looking into how we use once we start looking into how we use once we start looking into how we use it, that's when we'll really start to it, that's when we'll really start to it, that's when we'll really start to see Archon play into it in a way where see Archon play into it in a way where see Archon play into it in a way where like I think you guys will be able to like I think you guys will be able to like I think you guys will be able to use your imagination to see how Archon use your imagination to see how Archon use your imagination to see how Archon can fit into any AI development can fit into any AI development can fit into any AI development workflow. So BMAD it is the foundation workflow. So BMAD it is the foundation workflow. So BMAD it is the foundation of agentic agiled driven development and of agentic agiled driven development and of agentic agiled driven development and um yeah actually I think 125% is a good um yeah actually I think 125% is a good um yeah actually I think 125% is a good zoom here. So I'll stay at this level of zoom here. So I'll stay at this level of zoom here. So I'll stay at this level of zoom. Um so there's kind of two main zoom. Um so there's kind of two main zoom. Um so there's kind of two main workflows that we have with BMAD. workflows that we have with BMAD. workflows that we have with BMAD. Essentially what BMAD gives us is a Essentially what BMAD gives us is a Essentially what BMAD gives us is a bunch of different sub aents that are bunch of different sub aents that are bunch of different sub aents that are experts at different parts of our experts at different parts of our experts at different parts of our development workflow. So like in the development workflow. So like in the development workflow. So like in the agentic planning workflow, we have our agentic planning workflow, we have our agentic planning workflow, we have our analyst, we have our project manager, we analyst, we have our project manager, we analyst, we have our project manager, we have our architect, and then when we go have our architect, and then when we go have our architect, and then when we go into development, we have our scrum into development, we have our scrum into development, we have our scrum master agent that's kind of guiding all master agent that's kind of guiding all master agent that's kind of guiding all these different development agents to these different development agents to these different development agents to knock out the different stories like the knock out the different stories like the knock out the different stories like the different tasks that we have for different tasks that we have for different tasks that we have for developing our project. And there are developing our project. And there are developing our project. And there are some diagrams that we have in the user some diagrams that we have in the user some diagrams that we have in the user guide here um that walk us through what guide here um that walk us through what guide here um that walk us through what this workflow looks like. And yeah, so this workflow looks like. And yeah, so this workflow looks like. And yeah, so the the BMAD method in general, it's the the BMAD method in general, it's the the BMAD method in general, it's like I said, it's a strategy for context like I said, it's a strategy for context like I said, it's a strategy for context engineering and it gets pretty in-depth. engineering and it gets pretty in-depth. engineering and it gets pretty in-depth. Like these workflow diagrams that like Like these workflow diagrams that like Like these workflow diagrams that like these mermaid diagrams, they look kind these mermaid diagrams, they look kind these mermaid diagrams, they look kind of intimidating. Like there's a lot that of intimidating. Like there's a lot that of intimidating. Like there's a lot that goes into this here. So um yeah, by the goes into this here. So um yeah, by the goes into this here. So um yeah, by the way, like this first one is the planning way, like this first one is the planning way, like this first one is the planning workflow. And we're going to walk workflow. And we're going to walk workflow. And we're going to walk through this and I'll show you how to through this and I'll show you how to through this and I'll show you how to integrate Archon with this. It's not as integrate Archon with this. It's not as integrate Archon with this. It's not as complex as it looks. This is the complex as it looks. This is the complex as it looks. This is the planning workflow. Then once we get into planning workflow. Then once we get into planning workflow. Then once we get into development, we have this second development, we have this second development, we have this second workflow, which I might go through this workflow, which I might go through this workflow, which I might go through this one or I might actually switch to PRP. one or I might actually switch to PRP. one or I might actually switch to PRP. Um, we'll see. Like I said, we're Um, we'll see. Like I said, we're Um, we'll see. Like I said, we're freestyling here. So, two different freestyling here. So, two different freestyling here. So, two different workflows that we have for the BMAD workflows that we have for the BMAD workflows that we have for the BMAD method. And the guy that created the method. And the guy that created the method. And the guy that created the BMAD method, he he's a genius. Like, BMAD method, he he's a genius. Like, BMAD method, he he's a genius. Like, he's very, very smart. And he's actually he's very, very smart. And he's actually he's very, very smart. And he's actually got a YouTube channel where he started got a YouTube channel where he started got a YouTube channel where he started covering BMAD. I went through his entire covering BMAD. I went through his entire covering BMAD. I went through his entire 1 hour and 15 minute master class that 1 hour and 15 minute master class that 1 hour and 15 minute master class that he had on YouTube. By the way, if you he had on YouTube. By the way, if you he had on YouTube. By the way, if you just search the BMAT method, you'll find just search the BMAT method, you'll find just search the BMAT method, you'll find him. Um, but yeah, he's done so much him. Um, but yeah, he's done so much him. Um, but yeah, he's done so much research into project management and research into project management and research into project management and best practices for architecting and best practices for architecting and best practices for architecting and different like mental models that we can different like mental models that we can different like mental models that we can apply to planning projects. And he's apply to planning projects. And he's apply to planning projects. And he's done a ton of research into best done a ton of research into best done a ton of research into best practices for prompting at different practices for prompting at different practices for prompting at different stages of our AI development workflow. stages of our AI development workflow. stages of our AI development workflow. And he talks a lot about that in his And he talks a lot about that in his And he talks a lot about that in his master class as well. And so I I just master class as well. And so I I just master class as well. And so I I just think this is a great use case. So like think this is a great use case. So like think this is a great use case. So like apply BMAD with archon. And the other apply BMAD with archon. And the other apply BMAD with archon. And the other thing that he talks about is the whole thing that he talks about is the whole thing that he talks about is the whole idea of um green field versus brownfield idea of um green field versus brownfield idea of um green field versus brownfield projects. So a green field project, you projects. So a green field project, you projects. So a green field project, you can think of it like fresh green can think of it like fresh green can think of it like fresh green pastures. This is a new project that pastures. This is a new project that pastures. This is a new project that you're starting from scratch. And then you're starting from scratch. And then you're starting from scratch. And then brownfield is when you're working in an brownfield is when you're working in an brownfield is when you're working in an existing codebase. And the BMAD method existing codebase. And the BMAD method existing codebase. And the BMAD method has different workflows depending on if has different workflows depending on if has different workflows depending on if you're working on an existing codebase you're working on an existing codebase you're working on an existing codebase or not. And I know that that's something or not. And I know that that's something or not. And I know that that's something that um a lot of you guys like in that um a lot of you guys like in that um a lot of you guys like in comments in my videos and in the Dynamis comments in my videos and in the Dynamis comments in my videos and in the Dynamis community have said like I want to see community have said like I want to see community have said like I want to see more of like let's use AI coding on an more of like let's use AI coding on an more of like let's use AI coding on an existing project versus something that existing project versus something that existing project versus something that is green field. And so generally I focus is green field. And so generally I focus is green field. And so generally I focus on green field new projects just because on green field new projects just because on green field new projects just because it's a lot easier to show how I apply it's a lot easier to show how I apply it's a lot easier to show how I apply different strategies. And it's going to different strategies. And it's going to different strategies. And it's going to be the same in this live stream. on be the same in this live stream. on be the same in this live stream. on creating something from scratch because creating something from scratch because creating something from scratch because going through the full planning going through the full planning going through the full planning workflow, it's much easier to integrate workflow, it's much easier to integrate workflow, it's much easier to integrate Archon and show the different parts of Archon and show the different parts of Archon and show the different parts of Archon when we're doing a lot more of Archon when we're doing a lot more of Archon when we're doing a lot more of that like initial research and task that like initial research and task that like initial research and task management. Um, where we're it's going management. Um, where we're it's going management. Um, where we're it's going to be a lot more sparse if we're just to be a lot more sparse if we're just to be a lot more sparse if we're just like adding new features on an existing like adding new features on an existing like adding new features on an existing codebase. There's going to be less tasks codebase. There's going to be less tasks codebase. There's going to be less tasks overall. There's going to be less overall. There's going to be less overall. There's going to be less research that we have to perform with research that we have to perform with research that we have to perform with Archon and like all the knowledge that Archon and like all the knowledge that Archon and like all the knowledge that we have for Rag because it's going to be we have for Rag because it's going to be we have for Rag because it's going to be more looking at the existing codebase more looking at the existing codebase more looking at the existing codebase versus looking at documentation. You see versus looking at documentation. You see versus looking at documentation. You see what I'm saying? Like brownfield what I'm saying? Like brownfield what I'm saying? Like brownfield projects, it's more let's reference the projects, it's more let's reference the projects, it's more let's reference the existing codebase to figure out the existing codebase to figure out the existing codebase to figure out the patterns that we need to develop. With a patterns that we need to develop. With a patterns that we need to develop. With a new project, it's let's look at the new project, it's let's look at the new project, it's let's look at the documentation for pideanti for example documentation for pideanti for example documentation for pideanti for example to figure out the patterns for to figure out the patterns for to figure out the patterns for developing agents that are that's developing agents that are that's developing agents that are that's recommended for this library. So that's recommended for this library. So that's recommended for this library. So that's why we're going with green field here. why we're going with green field here. why we're going with green field here. The sponsor of this live stream recap is The sponsor of this live stream recap is The sponsor of this live stream recap is Sneak and they're bringing us a free Sneak and they're bringing us a free Sneak and they're bringing us a free webinar that you don't want to miss. If webinar that you don't want to miss. If webinar that you don't want to miss. If you're using AI coding assistance, if you're using AI coding assistance, if you're using AI coding assistance, if you're vibe coding or even using a more you're vibe coding or even using a more you're vibe coding or even using a more structured approach to using AI coders structured approach to using AI coders structured approach to using AI coders like we're doing with Archon and PRPs, like we're doing with Archon and PRPs, like we're doing with Archon and PRPs, there are still security concerns that there are still security concerns that there are still security concerns that go beyond traditional code review. go beyond traditional code review. go beyond traditional code review. That's why Sneak is hosting this free That's why Sneak is hosting this free That's why Sneak is hosting this free webinar Thursday, August 28th at 11:00 webinar Thursday, August 28th at 11:00 webinar Thursday, August 28th at 11:00 a.m. Eastern time. Securing Vibe Coding, a.m. Eastern time. Securing Vibe Coding, a.m. Eastern time. Securing Vibe Coding, addressing the security challenges of AI addressing the security challenges of AI addressing the security challenges of AI generated code. The focus is going to be generated code. The focus is going to be generated code. The focus is going to be specific to the unique risks that we specific to the unique risks that we specific to the unique risks that we have with these AIdriven development have with these AIdriven development have with these AIdriven development workflows. How it differs from typical workflows. How it differs from typical workflows. How it differs from typical security concerns. This is the kind of security concerns. This is the kind of security concerns. This is the kind of thing that we have to be focusing on. thing that we have to be focusing on. thing that we have to be focusing on. Sonia, a staff developer advocate at Sonia, a staff developer advocate at Sonia, a staff developer advocate at Sneak, is going to be introducing us to Sneak, is going to be introducing us to Sneak, is going to be introducing us to how vibe coding is changing the how vibe coding is changing the how vibe coding is changing the landscape of development, what these new landscape of development, what these new landscape of development, what these new security concerns are with AI powered security concerns are with AI powered security concerns are with AI powered coding, and how we can implement coding, and how we can implement coding, and how we can implement strategies today to reduce these risks strategies today to reduce these risks strategies today to reduce these risks and protect our AI powered development and protect our AI powered development and protect our AI powered development life cycle. If you're in security, life cycle. If you're in security, life cycle. If you're in security, DevOps, or just using AI coding DevOps, or just using AI coding DevOps, or just using AI coding assistance at all, this is the webinar assistance at all, this is the webinar assistance at all, this is the webinar for you to give you the frameworks you for you to give you the frameworks you for you to give you the frameworks you need to work with AI coding assistants need to work with AI coding assistants need to work with AI coding assistants securely. Plus, if you are an ISC2 securely. Plus, if you are an ISC2 securely. Plus, if you are an ISC2 member, you get one CPE credit just for member, you get one CPE credit just for member, you get one CPE credit just for attending this webinar. So, go ahead and attending this webinar. So, go ahead and attending this webinar. So, go ahead and register with the link that I have in register with the link that I have in register with the link that I have in the description. Again, it's Thursday, the description. Again, it's Thursday, the description. Again, it's Thursday, August 28th at 11:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm August 28th at 11:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm August 28th at 11:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm going to be there myself, so I will see going to be there myself, so I will see going to be there myself, so I will see you there. So, let's let's go ahead and you there. So, let's let's go ahead and you there. So, let's let's go ahead and start actually. So, going back to BMAD start actually. So, going back to BMAD start actually. So, going back to BMAD here, here, here, I'm going to copy the command to get I'm going to copy the command to get I'm going to copy the command to get started. And so, it's super super easy started. And so, it's super super easy started. And so, it's super super easy to get BMAD started in any project. Um, to get BMAD started in any project. Um, to get BMAD started in any project. Um, all you have to do, and I mean I've all you have to do, and I mean I've all you have to do, and I mean I've already run this, and so I'll probably already run this, and so I'll probably already run this, and so I'll probably just do it on a new folder, show you just do it on a new folder, show you just do it on a new folder, show you guys what it looks like, and then I'll guys what it looks like, and then I'll guys what it looks like, and then I'll go back to my current folder where I go back to my current folder where I go back to my current folder where I already have BMAD set up. I think already have BMAD set up. I think already have BMAD set up. I think that'll be the best way to do it. So, that'll be the best way to do it. So, that'll be the best way to do it. So, let me go and get things set up in a new let me go and get things set up in a new let me go and get things set up in a new folder here. Okay. All right. So, I take folder here. Okay. All right. So, I take folder here. Okay. All right. So, I take that command from the repo. It's just that command from the repo. It's just that command from the repo. It's just npx bad method install. Super easy. And npx bad method install. Super easy. And npx bad method install. Super easy. And it's going to install the following it's going to install the following it's going to install the following packages. That is good. All right. BMAD packages. That is good. All right. BMAD packages. That is good. All right. BMAD method. And then the first thing you method. And then the first thing you method. And then the first thing you want to do is enter the full path to want to do is enter the full path to want to do is enter the full path to your project because essentially what your project because essentially what your project because essentially what BMAD will do is just it's going to BMAD will do is just it's going to BMAD will do is just it's going to install a bunch of configuration and sub install a bunch of configuration and sub install a bunch of configuration and sub aents like a lot of different markdown aents like a lot of different markdown aents like a lot of different markdown files to get us set up with BMAD in our files to get us set up with BMAD in our files to get us set up with BMAD in our codebase. So this can be an existing codebase. So this can be an existing codebase. So this can be an existing codebase that you install BMAD into or codebase that you install BMAD into or codebase that you install BMAD into or in our case it can just be a brand new in our case it can just be a brand new in our case it can just be a brand new folder. And so I'm going to pass in a folder. And so I'm going to pass in a folder. And so I'm going to pass in a path here. I'll call it uh BMAD path here. I'll call it uh BMAD path here. I'll call it uh BMAD example. example. example. There we go. And then I'm going to There we go. And then I'm going to There we go. And then I'm going to install the full system here. And uh install the full system here. And uh install the full system here. And uh will the PRD product requirement will the PRD product requirement will the PRD product requirement document be sharded into multiple files? document be sharded into multiple files? document be sharded into multiple files? Yes. Is the default. Just go with this. Yes. Is the default. Just go with this. Yes. Is the default. Just go with this. PRDS. By the way, guys, this is like the PRDS. By the way, guys, this is like the PRDS. By the way, guys, this is like the document that has like a very fully document that has like a very fully document that has like a very fully written out spec of what you want to written out spec of what you want to written out spec of what you want to create. So when we plan our initial create. So when we plan our initial create. So when we plan our initial implementation, we put that in a PRD implementation, we put that in a PRD implementation, we put that in a PRD that we'll then use to break into tasks that we'll then use to break into tasks that we'll then use to break into tasks and start implementing. And we'll see and start implementing. And we'll see and start implementing. And we'll see that in action as well. So I'm going to that in action as well. So I'm going to that in action as well. So I'm going to say yes. Will the architecture say yes. Will the architecture say yes. Will the architecture documentation be sharded into multiple documentation be sharded into multiple documentation be sharded into multiple files? Sharded just means split up to files? Sharded just means split up to files? Sharded just means split up to make things more concise, by the way. So make things more concise, by the way. So make things more concise, by the way. So yeah, now we get to pick the IDE that we yeah, now we get to pick the IDE that we yeah, now we get to pick the IDE that we want to configure because based on the want to configure because based on the want to configure because based on the coding assistant, there are different coding assistant, there are different coding assistant, there are different ways that we need to set up our global ways that we need to set up our global ways that we need to set up our global rules and set up our sub aents, things rules and set up our sub aents, things rules and set up our sub aents, things like that. So I'm going to pick cloud like that. So I'm going to pick cloud like that. So I'm going to pick cloud code. So select with spacebar and then code. So select with spacebar and then code. So select with spacebar and then confirm with enter. And you can install confirm with enter. And you can install confirm with enter. And you can install this in multiple ones, by the way, but this in multiple ones, by the way, but this in multiple ones, by the way, but uh I'm just going to go ahead and put uh I'm just going to go ahead and put uh I'm just going to go ahead and put this in cloud code. So there we go. this in cloud code. So there we go. this in cloud code. So there we go. Enter to confirm. Uh pre-built web Enter to confirm. Uh pre-built web Enter to confirm. Uh pre-built web bundles. I don't really care about that. bundles. I don't really care about that. bundles. I don't really care about that. So I'll just select the default. And So I'll just select the default. And So I'll just select the default. And then it says the directory does not then it says the directory does not then it says the directory does not exist. Would you like to create the exist. Would you like to create the exist. Would you like to create the directory and continue? I will say yes. directory and continue? I will say yes. directory and continue? I will say yes. There we go. All right. Boom. Super There we go. All right. Boom. Super There we go. All right. Boom. Super super quick. So there we go. We have super quick. So there we go. We have super quick. So there we go. We have everything created. So it created some everything created. So it created some everything created. So it created some agents for us. So we have these agents for us. So we have these agents for us. So we have these different commands that we can use to different commands that we can use to different commands that we can use to invoke these sub aents. So like for invoke these sub aents. So like for invoke these sub aents. So like for example when we are first starting our example when we are first starting our example when we are first starting our project and we'll see this in a sec when project and we'll see this in a sec when project and we'll see this in a sec when we want to start planning things we'll we want to start planning things we'll we want to start planning things we'll call into the analyst agent that BMAD call into the analyst agent that BMAD call into the analyst agent that BMAD gives us and we'll use the an the gives us and we'll use the an the gives us and we'll use the an the analyst will actually leverage archon to analyst will actually leverage archon to analyst will actually leverage archon to crawl through the documentation for crawl through the documentation for crawl through the documentation for cloud code in next.js JS to help us cloud code in next.js JS to help us cloud code in next.js JS to help us create some kind of more like initial create some kind of more like initial create some kind of more like initial pseudo code like that first layer of pseudo code like that first layer of pseudo code like that first layer of like okay let's think about generally like okay let's think about generally like okay let's think about generally how we want to structure the codebase how we want to structure the codebase how we want to structure the codebase and we'll actually use archon with the and we'll actually use archon with the and we'll actually use archon with the analyst to do that and then the analyst analyst to do that and then the analyst analyst to do that and then the analyst is going to output a brief like a is going to output a brief like a is going to output a brief like a project brief that we're going to store project brief that we're going to store project brief that we're going to store as a document in a new project in as a document in a new project in as a document in a new project in archon. So that's kind of a little archon. So that's kind of a little archon. So that's kind of a little teaser for what we're about to do here. teaser for what we're about to do here. teaser for what we're about to do here. Um, but yeah, whenever we do this and we Um, but yeah, whenever we do this and we Um, but yeah, whenever we do this and we create a new setup with BMAD, I'll open create a new setup with BMAD, I'll open create a new setup with BMAD, I'll open my VS Code and I'll show you really my VS Code and I'll show you really my VS Code and I'll show you really quickly what this looks like in general. quickly what this looks like in general. quickly what this looks like in general. So, that's going to create this uh BMAD So, that's going to create this uh BMAD So, that's going to create this uh BMAD core folder. So, this this works on an core folder. So, this this works on an core folder. So, this this works on an existing project as well. It's not going existing project as well. It's not going existing project as well. It's not going to like overwrite anything in your to like overwrite anything in your to like overwrite anything in your codebase. It creates a new folder where codebase. It creates a new folder where codebase. It creates a new folder where we have our different agent teams, our we have our different agent teams, our we have our different agent teams, our agents. We got the core user guide here. agents. We got the core user guide here. agents. We got the core user guide here. These are all the files that are going These are all the files that are going These are all the files that are going to be referenced by our agents as we to be referenced by our agents as we to be referenced by our agents as we call upon them in our development call upon them in our development call upon them in our development workflow. And so like here's the workflow. And so like here's the workflow. And so like here's the markdown file for the analyst agent for markdown file for the analyst agent for markdown file for the analyst agent for example. example. example. And so yeah basically like we have each And so yeah basically like we have each And so yeah basically like we have each agent starts with an activation notice. agent starts with an activation notice. agent starts with an activation notice. So it's like when we call upon the So it's like when we call upon the So it's like when we call upon the analyst agent here's what you got to do analyst agent here's what you got to do analyst agent here's what you got to do and then here are the steps that you and then here are the steps that you and then here are the steps that you have to follow to act as the analyst have to follow to act as the analyst have to follow to act as the analyst agent. So when we tell claude code or agent. So when we tell claude code or agent. So when we tell claude code or cursor or winds surf whatever to act as cursor or winds surf whatever to act as cursor or winds surf whatever to act as this agent it reads this file and then this agent it reads this file and then this agent it reads this file and then basically uses these instructions to basically uses these instructions to basically uses these instructions to change its persona. That's how we're change its persona. That's how we're change its persona. That's how we're doing. So it's not the BMAD doesn't doing. So it's not the BMAD doesn't doing. So it's not the BMAD doesn't actually use like the slash agent actually use like the slash agent actually use like the slash agent feature in cloud code. And the reason feature in cloud code. And the reason feature in cloud code. And the reason for that is it's more of like a general for that is it's more of like a general for that is it's more of like a general implementation so that you can use implementation so that you can use implementation so that you can use basically sub aents as prompts in any basically sub aents as prompts in any basically sub aents as prompts in any coding assistant even the ones that coding assistant even the ones that coding assistant even the ones that don't have sub aents built into it. And don't have sub aents built into it. And don't have sub aents built into it. And so yeah, sub aents, if you guys didn't so yeah, sub aents, if you guys didn't so yeah, sub aents, if you guys didn't know, sub aents, even in cloud code, know, sub aents, even in cloud code, know, sub aents, even in cloud code, it's really just prompts. Like you have it's really just prompts. Like you have it's really just prompts. Like you have some file that you tell cloud code to some file that you tell cloud code to some file that you tell cloud code to look at and you say read the look at and you say read the look at and you say read the instructions here to act as this instructions here to act as this instructions here to act as this persona. That's all we're doing here. persona. That's all we're doing here. persona. That's all we're doing here. And so we're telling it that like you And so we're telling it that like you And so we're telling it that like you your name is Mary, you're a business your name is Mary, you're a business your name is Mary, you're a business analyst, uh here is your role and your analyst, uh here is your role and your analyst, uh here is your role and your style, here are your core principles, style, here are your core principles, style, here are your core principles, and then here are the different commands and then here are the different commands and then here are the different commands that a user can invoke. like we have our that a user can invoke. like we have our that a user can invoke. like we have our help command, we have our command to help command, we have our command to help command, we have our command to create our project brief, which is one create our project brief, which is one create our project brief, which is one of the first things we're going to do. of the first things we're going to do. of the first things we're going to do. So that's essentially how BMAD works is So that's essentially how BMAD works is So that's essentially how BMAD works is we have all these different agents that we have all these different agents that we have all these different agents that are fit together in this workflow that I are fit together in this workflow that I are fit together in this workflow that I was showing you guys in the mermaid was showing you guys in the mermaid was showing you guys in the mermaid diagram earlier, which was um if I pull diagram earlier, which was um if I pull diagram earlier, which was um if I pull that up quick, I'll just reference that that up quick, I'll just reference that that up quick, I'll just reference that for you guys again. for you guys again. for you guys again. Um that is this diagram here. So the Um that is this diagram here. So the Um that is this diagram here. So the analyst is at the beginning here. And so analyst is at the beginning here. And so analyst is at the beginning here. And so we can go ahead and invoke this. And so we can go ahead and invoke this. And so we can go ahead and invoke this. And so let's let's just dive right in. So I'm let's let's just dive right in. So I'm let's let's just dive right in. So I'm going to clear and then I'm going to going to clear and then I'm going to going to clear and then I'm going to enter in a clot. And by the way, cloud enter in a clot. And by the way, cloud enter in a clot. And by the way, cloud MCP list, remember we've got Archon MCP list, remember we've got Archon MCP list, remember we've got Archon connected already. I showed you guys how connected already. I showed you guys how connected already. I showed you guys how to do that. Maybe I didn't kind of do it to do that. Maybe I didn't kind of do it to do that. Maybe I didn't kind of do it in the right order. Like I showed you in the right order. Like I showed you in the right order. Like I showed you how to connect Archon, then I went how to connect Archon, then I went how to connect Archon, then I went through like setting it up, but yeah. So through like setting it up, but yeah. So through like setting it up, but yeah. So we we we connected it with um this we we we connected it with um this we we we connected it with um this command right here, assuming we have command right here, assuming we have command right here, assuming we have everything up and running. The MCP for everything up and running. The MCP for everything up and running. The MCP for Archon is on port 8051 by default. And Archon is on port 8051 by default. And Archon is on port 8051 by default. And you can configure that as well if you you can configure that as well if you you can configure that as well if you want. So yeah, we'll jump into a cloud want. So yeah, we'll jump into a cloud want. So yeah, we'll jump into a cloud session here and let's get right into session here and let's get right into session here and let's get right into it. And so I've I came with a little bit it. And so I've I came with a little bit it. And so I've I came with a little bit of prep. of prep. of prep. Um, so I know some of the commands that Um, so I know some of the commands that Um, so I know some of the commands that I want to run here. So I have that I want to run here. So I have that I want to run here. So I have that referenced on my other monitor here just referenced on my other monitor here just referenced on my other monitor here just to try to make this smooth. Um, though to try to make this smooth. Um, though to try to make this smooth. Um, though we are mostly freestyling like I haven't we are mostly freestyling like I haven't we are mostly freestyling like I haven't done that much. And so the first thing done that much. And so the first thing done that much. And so the first thing that we want to do is if you just do that we want to do is if you just do that we want to do is if you just do slanalyst and then you press tab, we're slanalyst and then you press tab, we're slanalyst and then you press tab, we're going to start Mary as our analyst and going to start Mary as our analyst and going to start Mary as our analyst and it's going to help us create our brief it's going to help us create our brief it's going to help us create our brief for the project that we want to create. for the project that we want to create. for the project that we want to create. So there we go. Slanalyst. Hello, I'm So there we go. Slanalyst. Hello, I'm So there we go. Slanalyst. Hello, I'm Mary, your business analyst. Specialize Mary, your business analyst. Specialize Mary, your business analyst. Specialize in blah blah blah. And then type help to in blah blah blah. And then type help to in blah blah blah. And then type help to see my available commands. So, we can do see my available commands. So, we can do see my available commands. So, we can do star help. And then Mary is going to be star help. And then Mary is going to be star help. And then Mary is going to be prompted to give us the commands that prompted to give us the commands that prompted to give us the commands that she has everything that we had in the um she has everything that we had in the um she has everything that we had in the um that markdown file that I showed you. that markdown file that I showed you. that markdown file that I showed you. And while she outputs that, the other And while she outputs that, the other And while she outputs that, the other thing I want to show you guys, if I go thing I want to show you guys, if I go thing I want to show you guys, if I go back to Archon here, back to Archon here, back to Archon here, we have the global rules that we want to we have the global rules that we want to we have the global rules that we want to create for Archon. So, in the settings, create for Archon. So, in the settings, create for Archon. So, in the settings, and you're going to want to do this and you're going to want to do this and you're going to want to do this whenever you use archon, we have the IDE whenever you use archon, we have the IDE whenever you use archon, we have the IDE global rules. And so, based on if you're global rules. And so, based on if you're global rules. And so, based on if you're using cloud code or not, really, there's using cloud code or not, really, there's using cloud code or not, really, there's just like special instructions for cloud just like special instructions for cloud just like special instructions for cloud code that we have, and then the rest of code that we have, and then the rest of code that we have, and then the rest of your coding assistants can use the same your coding assistants can use the same your coding assistants can use the same rules here. You can just copy the cloud rules here. You can just copy the cloud rules here. You can just copy the cloud code rules and then you can either code rules and then you can either code rules and then you can either create a new cloudMD and paste these in create a new cloudMD and paste these in create a new cloudMD and paste these in along with the typical global rules that along with the typical global rules that along with the typical global rules that you use or if it's an existing project you use or if it's an existing project you use or if it's an existing project where you already have global rules then where you already have global rules then where you already have global rules then you'll just paste in the instructions you'll just paste in the instructions you'll just paste in the instructions for archon along with everything else for archon along with everything else for archon along with everything else that you already have. So whether it's that you already have. So whether it's that you already have. So whether it's your claw.md or your cursor rules or your claw.md or your cursor rules or your claw.md or your cursor rules or your winds surf rules this is just part your winds surf rules this is just part your winds surf rules this is just part like this is the part of your global like this is the part of your global like this is the part of your global rules now for archon. So you can add rules now for archon. So you can add rules now for archon. So you can add this in with any of your other existing this in with any of your other existing this in with any of your other existing global rules. So I just wanted to call global rules. So I just wanted to call global rules. So I just wanted to call that out really quickly because I have that out really quickly because I have that out really quickly because I have that set up in this repository already that set up in this repository already that set up in this repository already or this folder already. Otherwise, I or this folder already. Otherwise, I or this folder already. Otherwise, I literally just have my global rules and literally just have my global rules and literally just have my global rules and then everything for BMAD and then some then everything for BMAD and then some then everything for BMAD and then some stuff for PRP that we'll get into stuff for PRP that we'll get into stuff for PRP that we'll get into towards the end here. So that's what I towards the end here. So that's what I towards the end here. So that's what I have set up right now. So going back to have set up right now. So going back to have set up right now. So going back to the terminal here, here are the commands the terminal here, here are the commands the terminal here, here are the commands that we have for the business analyst. that we have for the business analyst. that we have for the business analyst. And so uh we can create a project brief. And so uh we can create a project brief. And so uh we can create a project brief. we can go into YOLO mode, which I I saw we can go into YOLO mode, which I I saw we can go into YOLO mode, which I I saw someone in the chat was asking about someone in the chat was asking about someone in the chat was asking about YOLO mode. Um, yolo mode is instead of YOLO mode. Um, yolo mode is instead of YOLO mode. Um, yolo mode is instead of like it working alongside you more to like it working alongside you more to like it working alongside you more to plan your project, implement your plan your project, implement your plan your project, implement your project, it it operates more project, it it operates more project, it it operates more autonomously. So, if you want to just autonomously. So, if you want to just autonomously. So, if you want to just trust it more with the implementation, trust it more with the implementation, trust it more with the implementation, that's what yolo mode means. We're going that's what yolo mode means. We're going that's what yolo mode means. We're going to do some of that here because I want to do some of that here because I want to do some of that here because I want to be pretty concise in going through to be pretty concise in going through to be pretty concise in going through the BMAD method here. But the first the BMAD method here. But the first the BMAD method here. But the first thing that I want to do is I want to thing that I want to do is I want to thing that I want to do is I want to brainstorm. So I'm going to use the brainstorm. So I'm going to use the brainstorm. So I'm going to use the brainstorm command. So you do like uh brainstorm command. So you do like uh brainstorm command. So you do like uh star brainstorm. So the star is just the star brainstorm. So the star is just the star brainstorm. So the star is just the way to like signal that we were invoking way to like signal that we were invoking way to like signal that we were invoking a command here. That's just the a command here. That's just the a command here. That's just the convention for BMAD. We do star convention for BMAD. We do star convention for BMAD. We do star brainstorm and then we just send in a brainstorm and then we just send in a brainstorm and then we just send in a prompt for what we want it to research. prompt for what we want it to research. prompt for what we want it to research. And so what I want to do, I have this And so what I want to do, I have this And so what I want to do, I have this pre-selected just so you guys don't have pre-selected just so you guys don't have pre-selected just so you guys don't have to see me type it out here. I want to to see me type it out here. I want to to see me type it out here. I want to create a nex.js front end where I can create a nex.js front end where I can create a nex.js front end where I can spin off and manage different cloud code spin off and manage different cloud code spin off and manage different cloud code instances through the cloud code SDK. instances through the cloud code SDK. instances through the cloud code SDK. And I'm speaking to the specific pieces And I'm speaking to the specific pieces And I'm speaking to the specific pieces of technology cloud code and next.js of technology cloud code and next.js of technology cloud code and next.js that I have the documentation for in that I have the documentation for in that I have the documentation for in archon. And so we'll see in a little bit archon. And so we'll see in a little bit archon. And so we'll see in a little bit how I'm actually going to ask Mary to how I'm actually going to ask Mary to how I'm actually going to ask Mary to reference the documentation through reference the documentation through reference the documentation through archon so that we can get a better archon so that we can get a better archon so that we can get a better planning. Basically just get a better planning. Basically just get a better planning. Basically just get a better brief outputed. So there we go. So now brief outputed. So there we go. So now brief outputed. So there we go. So now there's quite a few different things there's quite a few different things there's quite a few different things that we can do after the brainstorming that we can do after the brainstorming that we can do after the brainstorming just based on those same commands that just based on those same commands that just based on those same commands that we saw when I did the help command we saw when I did the help command we saw when I did the help command earlier. earlier. earlier. And so what I want to do is I want to do And so what I want to do is I want to do And so what I want to do is I want to do a uh I want to create a project brief. a uh I want to create a project brief. a uh I want to create a project brief. So So So I'm going to do create project brief. I'm going to do create project brief. I'm going to do create project brief. That's just one of the commands that we That's just one of the commands that we That's just one of the commands that we have for the analyst. I can just say have for the analyst. I can just say have for the analyst. I can just say two. I want to do command number two. So two. I want to do command number two. So two. I want to do command number two. So instead of yeah like it it's I'm just instead of yeah like it it's I'm just instead of yeah like it it's I'm just going to like go through the flow that going to like go through the flow that going to like go through the flow that it's walking me through here and just it's walking me through here and just it's walking me through here and just kind of trust it more. So I'm going to kind of trust it more. So I'm going to kind of trust it more. So I'm going to say two. I want to create a detailed say two. I want to create a detailed say two. I want to create a detailed project brief for this concept. And the project brief for this concept. And the project brief for this concept. And the analyst here is prompted to guide me analyst here is prompted to guide me analyst here is prompted to guide me through it so that I can really be a through it so that I can really be a through it so that I can really be a part of creating the brief. It's not part of creating the brief. It's not part of creating the brief. It's not just going to go and off and do it all just going to go and off and do it all just going to go and off and do it all itself. And so in a second here, we'll itself. And so in a second here, we'll itself. And so in a second here, we'll see it maybe ask a couple of follow-up see it maybe ask a couple of follow-up see it maybe ask a couple of follow-up questions for us. questions for us. questions for us. Um, so let's see. Um, so let's see. Um, so let's see. All right, got some output here. So it's All right, got some output here. So it's All right, got some output here. So it's starting to it's got the executive starting to it's got the executive starting to it's got the executive summary here. So it's starting to do summary here. So it's starting to do summary here. So it's starting to do some planning. We'll see if it I mean some planning. We'll see if it I mean some planning. We'll see if it I mean it's kind of it's not always the same it's kind of it's not always the same it's kind of it's not always the same how the analyst works. Like sometimes how the analyst works. Like sometimes how the analyst works. Like sometimes we'll ask people more follow questions, we'll ask people more follow questions, we'll ask people more follow questions, sometimes it won't. I mean the BMAD sometimes it won't. I mean the BMAD sometimes it won't. I mean the BMAD method is not always going to like method is not always going to like method is not always going to like perform the same because LLMs are just perform the same because LLMs are just perform the same because LLMs are just unreliable. They don't always do the unreliable. They don't always do the unreliable. They don't always do the exact same thing. Like they won't always exact same thing. Like they won't always exact same thing. Like they won't always ask me the same follow-up questions. So ask me the same follow-up questions. So ask me the same follow-up questions. So I'll just kind of let it rip here. We I'll just kind of let it rip here. We I'll just kind of let it rip here. We got success metrics and KPIs. got success metrics and KPIs. got success metrics and KPIs. We've got a timeline and milestones. So We've got a timeline and milestones. So We've got a timeline and milestones. So Mary is very much acting like a project Mary is very much acting like a project Mary is very much acting like a project manager here, outlining really important manager here, outlining really important manager here, outlining really important things like what's the timeline for our things like what's the timeline for our things like what's the timeline for our project. I mean, this isn't actually project. I mean, this isn't actually project. I mean, this isn't actually going to take 24 weeks. This is this is going to take 24 weeks. This is this is going to take 24 weeks. This is this is hilarious. It's not going to be 24 hilarious. It's not going to be 24 hilarious. It's not going to be 24 weeks. I promise guys, you're not stuck weeks. I promise guys, you're not stuck weeks. I promise guys, you're not stuck in this live stream for 24 weeks. Uh but in this live stream for 24 weeks. Uh but in this live stream for 24 weeks. Uh but yeah, we got key milestones, risk yeah, we got key milestones, risk yeah, we got key milestones, risk assessment, resource requirements, assessment, resource requirements, assessment, resource requirements, which I mean this isn't really accurate which I mean this isn't really accurate which I mean this isn't really accurate to what we're doing here. I I guess to what we're doing here. I I guess to what we're doing here. I I guess maybe if we create like sub agents for maybe if we create like sub agents for maybe if we create like sub agents for each of these things, I suppose. Um, I'm each of these things, I suppose. Um, I'm each of these things, I suppose. Um, I'm about to spend $200,000 on development. about to spend $200,000 on development. about to spend $200,000 on development. That's kind of funny. So may maybe the That's kind of funny. So may maybe the That's kind of funny. So may maybe the prompting for the business analyst could prompting for the business analyst could prompting for the business analyst could be a bit more accurate to like actually be a bit more accurate to like actually be a bit more accurate to like actually integrating this in development integrating this in development integrating this in development workflow, not with like real people that workflow, not with like real people that workflow, not with like real people that we have to pay. But you guys get the we have to pay. But you guys get the we have to pay. But you guys get the idea in general. Like it's pretty cool idea in general. Like it's pretty cool idea in general. Like it's pretty cool how we have this entire project brief. how we have this entire project brief. how we have this entire project brief. And so the next thing that I want to do And so the next thing that I want to do And so the next thing that I want to do with this brief is I actually want to with this brief is I actually want to with this brief is I actually want to refine it and then store it as a refine it and then store it as a refine it and then store it as a document in Archon. So, we'll start to document in Archon. So, we'll start to document in Archon. So, we'll start to see more how archon is integrated with see more how archon is integrated with see more how archon is integrated with uh the BMAD method here. So, okay, I'm uh the BMAD method here. So, okay, I'm uh the BMAD method here. So, okay, I'm going back to my instructions here. I'm going back to my instructions here. I'm going back to my instructions here. I'm trying to remember exactly what I want trying to remember exactly what I want trying to remember exactly what I want to do next with this. to do next with this. to do next with this. Um, Um, Um, yeah, let's see. So, I'm going to I'm yeah, let's see. So, I'm going to I'm yeah, let's see. So, I'm going to I'm actually going to run the the help actually going to run the the help actually going to run the the help command again because I want to remember command again because I want to remember command again because I want to remember what commands I have. Um, what commands I have. Um, what commands I have. Um, and then also there are some follow-up and then also there are some follow-up and then also there are some follow-up questions that we've got here. create questions that we've got here. create questions that we've got here. create user stories, develop competitive user stories, develop competitive user stories, develop competitive analysis, which I'm not really analysis, which I'm not really analysis, which I'm not really interested in doing that right now. interested in doing that right now. interested in doing that right now. Generate technical implementations. Generate technical implementations. Generate technical implementations. Um, what else could I do? Um, what else could I do? Um, what else could I do? Um, and actually, does it did the Um, and actually, does it did the Um, and actually, does it did the project brief get created? No, it didn't project brief get created? No, it didn't project brief get created? No, it didn't get created yet. Okay. So, I'm going to get created yet. Okay. So, I'm going to get created yet. Okay. So, I'm going to let's just say this. I'm going to say let's just say this. I'm going to say let's just say this. I'm going to say use archon to use archon to use archon to uh search how to leverage the cloud code uh search how to leverage the cloud code uh search how to leverage the cloud code SDK. and then and then and then add technical implementation add technical implementation add technical implementation ideas to the project brief and save that ideas to the project brief and save that ideas to the project brief and save that brief in a new project I want you to brief in a new project I want you to brief in a new project I want you to create in Archon. Okay, so here we go. create in Archon. Okay, so here we go. create in Archon. Okay, so here we go. This is where we really start to see the This is where we really start to see the This is where we really start to see the integration here. So, we're going to integration here. So, we're going to integration here. So, we're going to have Mary instead of just going through have Mary instead of just going through have Mary instead of just going through the typical flow that you do with the the typical flow that you do with the the typical flow that you do with the BMAD method where you store all your BMAD method where you store all your BMAD method where you store all your documents in your source control like documents in your source control like documents in your source control like just in your your project folder, we're just in your your project folder, we're just in your your project folder, we're going to actually have her use archon. going to actually have her use archon. going to actually have her use archon. So, she's going to do some research on So, she's going to do some research on So, she's going to do some research on how to leverage the cloud code SDK so how to leverage the cloud code SDK so how to leverage the cloud code SDK so that she can help me generate a more that she can help me generate a more that she can help me generate a more technical implementation plan and technical implementation plan and technical implementation plan and actually do it based on the cloud code actually do it based on the cloud code actually do it based on the cloud code documentation instead of just like documentation instead of just like documentation instead of just like simple research or hallucinating simple research or hallucinating simple research or hallucinating something random. It's going to use something random. It's going to use something random. It's going to use archon. That's going to help a lot. And archon. That's going to help a lot. And archon. That's going to help a lot. And then we'll store the brief in Archon as then we'll store the brief in Archon as then we'll store the brief in Archon as well. And we'll do that in a brand new well. And we'll do that in a brand new well. And we'll do that in a brand new project that we create. So going back to project that we create. So going back to project that we create. So going back to Archon here within a single project, Archon here within a single project, Archon here within a single project, we've got the tasks tab and then we have we've got the tasks tab and then we have we've got the tasks tab and then we have the docs tab. So we'll see Mary create a the docs tab. So we'll see Mary create a the docs tab. So we'll see Mary create a new project in Archon. In a second here, new project in Archon. In a second here, new project in Archon. In a second here, this will pop up and then there'll be a this will pop up and then there'll be a this will pop up and then there'll be a project brief as well. project brief as well. project brief as well. So first of all, before she does that, So first of all, before she does that, So first of all, before she does that, she's going to search through our she's going to search through our she's going to search through our documentation. So everything that we documentation. So everything that we documentation. So everything that we crawled like I showed you crawling the crawled like I showed you crawling the crawled like I showed you crawling the cloud code um the cloud code cloud code um the cloud code cloud code um the cloud code documentation in real time that is what documentation in real time that is what documentation in real time that is what we're searching through using the archon we're searching through using the archon we're searching through using the archon mcp. So we're performing rag queries and mcp. So we're performing rag queries and mcp. So we're performing rag queries and then we're also searching through the then we're also searching through the then we're also searching through the code examples that you saw being code examples that you saw being code examples that you saw being generated as well. So I'm going to do if generated as well. So I'm going to do if generated as well. So I'm going to do if I do controlr and cloud code we can zoom I do controlr and cloud code we can zoom I do controlr and cloud code we can zoom into the output of our different rag into the output of our different rag into the output of our different rag searches. So like when we searched for searches. So like when we searched for searches. So like when we searched for code examples, we were looking for code examples, we were looking for code examples, we were looking for TypeScript implementations TypeScript implementations TypeScript implementations and um let's see what we got here. and um let's see what we got here. and um let's see what we got here. Trying to like I mean there's just a lot Trying to like I mean there's just a lot Trying to like I mean there's just a lot of information here. I mean it's okay of information here. I mean it's okay of information here. I mean it's okay that we don't have to like understand that we don't have to like understand that we don't have to like understand all this in detail but the coding all this in detail but the coding all this in detail but the coding assistant definitely needs to. So let's assistant definitely needs to. So let's assistant definitely needs to. So let's go up to uh the first chunk that we go up to uh the first chunk that we go up to uh the first chunk that we retrieved. retrieved. retrieved. So uh let's see. So uh let's see. So uh let's see. It's kind of hard to like It's kind of hard to like It's kind of hard to like Okay, so here we go. But we got some Okay, so here we go. But we got some Okay, so here we go. But we got some some implementations with the cloud SDK. some implementations with the cloud SDK. some implementations with the cloud SDK. So it's pulling things from the cloud So it's pulling things from the cloud So it's pulling things from the cloud SDK which is good. Um and then we got SDK which is good. Um and then we got SDK which is good. Um and then we got some things for the TypeScript SDK. So some things for the TypeScript SDK. So some things for the TypeScript SDK. So that's what we actually care about using that's what we actually care about using that's what we actually care about using here. Um so this is good. We're getting here. Um so this is good. We're getting here. Um so this is good. We're getting some of the code examples. And I'll do some of the code examples. And I'll do some of the code examples. And I'll do control R to go out of this. We don't control R to go out of this. We don't control R to go out of this. We don't need to like dive into that forever need to like dive into that forever need to like dive into that forever here. Uh but the important thing is if I here. Uh but the important thing is if I here. Uh but the important thing is if I go back into Archon, I didn't even have go back into Archon, I didn't even have go back into Archon, I didn't even have to refresh my page because we have to refresh my page because we have to refresh my page because we have websockets. So there's real time updates websockets. So there's real time updates websockets. So there's real time updates with Archon through the MCP and the UI. with Archon through the MCP and the UI. with Archon through the MCP and the UI. We have our cloud code instance manager We have our cloud code instance manager We have our cloud code instance manager Nex.js control center project. So there Nex.js control center project. So there Nex.js control center project. So there we go. We got a a blank slate here. So we go. We got a a blank slate here. So we go. We got a a blank slate here. So we got no tasks at this point, no docs, we got no tasks at this point, no docs, we got no tasks at this point, no docs, but we're about to create the brief. And but we're about to create the brief. And but we're about to create the brief. And so we'll see that here. Now we'll add so we'll see that here. Now we'll add so we'll see that here. Now we'll add the enhanced project brief with the enhanced project brief with the enhanced project brief with technical implementation to the newly technical implementation to the newly technical implementation to the newly created project. So now Mary is created project. So now Mary is created project. So now Mary is generating that project brief. And once generating that project brief. And once generating that project brief. And once it is generated, we can uh go back into it is generated, we can uh go back into it is generated, we can uh go back into Archon and see that. So we'll have to Archon and see that. So we'll have to Archon and see that. So we'll have to wait a little bit because it's usually a wait a little bit because it's usually a wait a little bit because it's usually a pretty long document. So, I'm going to pretty long document. So, I'm going to pretty long document. So, I'm going to give it some time. So, all right, we give it some time. So, all right, we give it some time. So, all right, we have our brief created from our analyst. have our brief created from our analyst. have our brief created from our analyst. So, I'm going to actually go back. So, I'm going to actually go back. So, I'm going to actually go back. Sorry, I'm jumping around a little bit Sorry, I'm jumping around a little bit Sorry, I'm jumping around a little bit here. I'm going to go back in. Let's here. I'm going to go back in. Let's here. I'm going to go back in. Let's take a look at this brief really quickly take a look at this brief really quickly take a look at this brief really quickly that we've created. Plus one for that we've created. Plus one for that we've created. Plus one for Dynamus, not just because of Cole, but Dynamus, not just because of Cole, but Dynamus, not just because of Cole, but everyone in the community. I appreciate everyone in the community. I appreciate everyone in the community. I appreciate that, Sean. Appreciate that a lot. Enjoy that, Sean. Appreciate that a lot. Enjoy that, Sean. Appreciate that a lot. Enjoy Dynamus as well. Thank you. What is Dynamus as well. Thank you. What is Dynamus as well. Thank you. What is happening in the community is really happening in the community is really happening in the community is really crazy. Thank you, Toby. I appreciate it, crazy. Thank you, Toby. I appreciate it, crazy. Thank you, Toby. I appreciate it, guys. Yeah, I I just like I have to call guys. Yeah, I I just like I have to call guys. Yeah, I I just like I have to call out Dynamus a couple of times throughout out Dynamus a couple of times throughout out Dynamus a couple of times throughout this stream because it is where a lot of this stream because it is where a lot of this stream because it is where a lot of big things are happening. Um even like big things are happening. Um even like big things are happening. Um even like with Archon and everything else around with Archon and everything else around with Archon and everything else around building agents and context engineering, building agents and context engineering, building agents and context engineering, but yeah. Okay, so here we go. We got but yeah. Okay, so here we go. We got but yeah. Okay, so here we go. We got our document created. It's untitled our document created. It's untitled our document created. It's untitled probably just because um Mary didn't probably just because um Mary didn't probably just because um Mary didn't really understand exactly how to create really understand exactly how to create really understand exactly how to create the document in Archon. I mean, it's the document in Archon. I mean, it's the document in Archon. I mean, it's just, you know, the little things that just, you know, the little things that just, you know, the little things that we're working through still. But here we we're working through still. But here we we're working through still. But here we go. We got next steps. We've got a risk go. We got next steps. We've got a risk go. We got next steps. We've got a risk assessment. And so again like all the assessment. And so again like all the assessment. And so again like all the like genius things that the guy behind like genius things that the guy behind like genius things that the guy behind BMAD uh created like all the research BMAD uh created like all the research BMAD uh created like all the research he's done around prompting and project he's done around prompting and project he's done around prompting and project management providing the right context management providing the right context management providing the right context like we see that in the different like we see that in the different like we see that in the different sections that we have here. We've got sections that we have here. We've got sections that we have here. We've got our objective goal uh we got our project our objective goal uh we got our project our objective goal uh we got our project overview the scope requirements overview the scope requirements overview the scope requirements and uh if I scroll down a bit more I'm and uh if I scroll down a bit more I'm and uh if I scroll down a bit more I'm curious if I can get to the things where curious if I can get to the things where curious if I can get to the things where it's like more specific to the research it's like more specific to the research it's like more specific to the research I did with claude code. Uh, okay. So, I did with claude code. Uh, okay. So, I did with claude code. Uh, okay. So, technical specifications. Let's see if technical specifications. Let's see if technical specifications. Let's see if this gets into it more. Uh, okay. We got this gets into it more. Uh, okay. We got this gets into it more. Uh, okay. We got our tech stack. This looks pretty good. our tech stack. This looks pretty good. our tech stack. This looks pretty good. Real time with sockets. Next.js. Real time with sockets. Next.js. Real time with sockets. Next.js. Um, nice. Looks good. Um, nice. Looks good. Um, nice. Looks good. Um, Um, Um, okay. Direct SDK integration using okay. Direct SDK integration using okay. Direct SDK integration using TypeScript Python wrappers. I don't TypeScript Python wrappers. I don't TypeScript Python wrappers. I don't actually like that. I don't want Python actually like that. I don't want Python actually like that. I don't want Python wrappers. So that's another thing I'll wrappers. So that's another thing I'll wrappers. So that's another thing I'll say in general with context engineering say in general with context engineering say in general with context engineering is like it's so important to validate is like it's so important to validate is like it's so important to validate the output that you have uh from these the output that you have uh from these the output that you have uh from these kinds of um sub aents just any coding kinds of um sub aents just any coding kinds of um sub aents just any coding assistant in general they they'll assistant in general they they'll assistant in general they they'll hallucinate weird things like this and hallucinate weird things like this and hallucinate weird things like this and so I'm actually going to go back into so I'm actually going to go back into so I'm actually going to go back into our analyst here and I'll say I don't our analyst here and I'll say I don't our analyst here and I'll say I don't want a Python wrapper for anything. want a Python wrapper for anything. want a Python wrapper for anything. Also, I need you to write out some more Also, I need you to write out some more Also, I need you to write out some more pseudo code. pseudo code. pseudo code. Uh, Uh, Uh, do some more research on integrating do some more research on integrating do some more research on integrating Cloud Code Cloud Code Cloud Code SDK with a Nex.js backend. Search the SDK with a Nex.js backend. Search the SDK with a Nex.js backend. Search the Cloud Code docs some more for this. Cloud Code docs some more for this. Cloud Code docs some more for this. Okay. So, I'm going to have it correct Okay. So, I'm going to have it correct Okay. So, I'm going to have it correct itself in a couple of ways here. So you itself in a couple of ways here. So you itself in a couple of ways here. So you guys are seeing live how I'm like guys are seeing live how I'm like guys are seeing live how I'm like looking through something finding those looking through something finding those looking through something finding those those code smells or like the doc those code smells or like the doc those code smells or like the doc smells. I'm like that is bad. Like I I smells. I'm like that is bad. Like I I smells. I'm like that is bad. Like I I if I'm using Nex.js, it can be my front if I'm using Nex.js, it can be my front if I'm using Nex.js, it can be my front end and my back end. I don't need Python end and my back end. I don't need Python end and my back end. I don't need Python wrappers for anything. So clearly it got wrappers for anything. So clearly it got wrappers for anything. So clearly it got confused just as it was searching confused just as it was searching confused just as it was searching through the docs. But that's okay. So through the docs. But that's okay. So through the docs. But that's okay. So yeah, it's going through and it's it's yeah, it's going through and it's it's yeah, it's going through and it's it's performing rag and searching through the performing rag and searching through the performing rag and searching through the code examples again. So we'll see what code examples again. So we'll see what code examples again. So we'll see what kind of token or what kind of output kind of token or what kind of output kind of token or what kind of output we're getting here. U okay. Th this is we're getting here. U okay. Th this is we're getting here. U okay. Th this is actually what I wanted because now the actually what I wanted because now the actually what I wanted because now the main thing that I needed to understand main thing that I needed to understand main thing that I needed to understand is this import right here is actually is this import right here is actually is this import right here is actually super crucial because we need to super crucial because we need to super crucial because we need to leverage this query in order to call leverage this query in order to call leverage this query in order to call into cloud code from our Nex.js backend into cloud code from our Nex.js backend into cloud code from our Nex.js backend and I'll show you guys specifically the and I'll show you guys specifically the and I'll show you guys specifically the docs docs docs that it is referencing that it is referencing that it is referencing is uh I'm talking about this or not is uh I'm talking about this or not is uh I'm talking about this or not where is it this thing right here. So where is it this thing right here. So where is it this thing right here. So import query from cloud code and then import query from cloud code and then import query from cloud code and then like here's like a super basic example like here's like a super basic example like here's like a super basic example of how you can call cloud code within of how you can call cloud code within of how you can call cloud code within your TypeScript code. So like this would your TypeScript code. So like this would your TypeScript code. So like this would be within our API endpoint in Nex.js. So be within our API endpoint in Nex.js. So be within our API endpoint in Nex.js. So like this is what it just found when it like this is what it just found when it like this is what it just found when it searched through using the knowledge searched through using the knowledge searched through using the knowledge that we have crawled with archon. So that we have crawled with archon. So that we have crawled with archon. So that's really good. That's exactly what that's really good. That's exactly what that's really good. That's exactly what we wanted it to find. So now we can use we wanted it to find. So now we can use we wanted it to find. So now we can use that and it's just wrapping up here. So that and it's just wrapping up here. So that and it's just wrapping up here. So I'll let it wrap up. And it it also did I'll let it wrap up. And it it also did I'll let it wrap up. And it it also did a web search here just to like a web search here just to like a web search here just to like supplement his information, which by the supplement his information, which by the supplement his information, which by the way, Archon doesn't have to fully way, Archon doesn't have to fully way, Archon doesn't have to fully replace the web search that most coding replace the web search that most coding replace the web search that most coding assistants have. Like you can use these assistants have. Like you can use these assistants have. Like you can use these things together. Like I I love seeing it things together. Like I I love seeing it things together. Like I I love seeing it when it performs some queries like when it performs some queries like when it performs some queries like looking at code examples and performing looking at code examples and performing looking at code examples and performing rag. And then it also does a web search rag. And then it also does a web search rag. And then it also does a web search and it combines all that together. Um so and it combines all that together. Um so and it combines all that together. Um so yeah, we'll see that. And then it's yeah, we'll see that. And then it's yeah, we'll see that. And then it's going to update the archon project. So going to update the archon project. So going to update the archon project. So it'll go ahead and update the brief that it'll go ahead and update the brief that it'll go ahead and update the brief that we have in the UI as well. Uh did you we have in the UI as well. Uh did you we have in the UI as well. Uh did you update the brief in Archon? make sure update the brief in Archon? make sure update the brief in Archon? make sure you do so. Okay, because I need I need you do so. Okay, because I need I need you do so. Okay, because I need I need to see that like I don't just want the to see that like I don't just want the to see that like I don't just want the output here. I needed to update the output here. I needed to update the output here. I needed to update the brief. And this is a a good example brief. And this is a a good example brief. And this is a a good example where um okay, this sucks. I'll come to where um okay, this sucks. I'll come to where um okay, this sucks. I'll come to this in a second. This is a good example this in a second. This is a good example this in a second. This is a good example where um there's definitely an where um there's definitely an where um there's definitely an opportunity to customize the prompting opportunity to customize the prompting opportunity to customize the prompting and the global rules to make Archon and the global rules to make Archon and the global rules to make Archon integrate more closely with BMAD. Like integrate more closely with BMAD. Like integrate more closely with BMAD. Like the analyst here, Mary, she didn't quite the analyst here, Mary, she didn't quite the analyst here, Mary, she didn't quite understand that like, oh, I have to go understand that like, oh, I have to go understand that like, oh, I have to go back in and update Archon. I mean, she back in and update Archon. I mean, she back in and update Archon. I mean, she apparently she said she did, but she apparently she said she did, but she apparently she said she did, but she didn't, which is super weird. Like, that didn't, which is super weird. Like, that didn't, which is super weird. Like, that seems like a problem in the prompting seems like a problem in the prompting seems like a problem in the prompting somewhere. But like, yeah, there's somewhere. But like, yeah, there's somewhere. But like, yeah, there's definitely an opportunity to have like a definitely an opportunity to have like a definitely an opportunity to have like a like BMAD specific set of prompts where like BMAD specific set of prompts where like BMAD specific set of prompts where it's like for the analyst, this is how it's like for the analyst, this is how it's like for the analyst, this is how you work with Archon. For the PM, this you work with Archon. For the PM, this you work with Archon. For the PM, this is how you work with Archon. Like, is how you work with Archon. Like, is how you work with Archon. Like, that's kind of going back to what Maxim that's kind of going back to what Maxim that's kind of going back to what Maxim said earlier. Like that's the goal that said earlier. Like that's the goal that said earlier. Like that's the goal that one of the goals I have for Archon is one of the goals I have for Archon is one of the goals I have for Archon is making it so that like there's a making it so that like there's a making it so that like there's a preconfigured setup to work with these preconfigured setup to work with these preconfigured setup to work with these different strategies. We have now different strategies. We have now different strategies. We have now updated our brief. So, we did a bunch of updated our brief. So, we did a bunch of updated our brief. So, we did a bunch of searching here. Now we've updated our searching here. Now we've updated our searching here. Now we've updated our brief in Archon with some more technical brief in Archon with some more technical brief in Archon with some more technical implementation. So let's actually go implementation. So let's actually go implementation. So let's actually go back into Archon. Let's check this out. back into Archon. Let's check this out. back into Archon. Let's check this out. So I'm going to refresh. So I'm going to refresh. So I'm going to refresh. Go into docs. Oh, this is the wrong Go into docs. Oh, this is the wrong Go into docs. Oh, this is the wrong project. Here we go. All right, we got a project. Here we go. All right, we got a project. Here we go. All right, we got a title now, by the way. That's good. So title now, by the way. That's good. So title now, by the way. That's good. So she Mary fixed things with version 1.1 she Mary fixed things with version 1.1 she Mary fixed things with version 1.1 to actually add a title. And cool. She to actually add a title. And cool. She to actually add a title. And cool. She even labeled herself. This is cool. So even labeled herself. This is cool. So even labeled herself. This is cool. So this is this is another neat this is this is another neat this is this is another neat integration. Something that that another integration. Something that that another integration. Something that that another big thing. I know that I'm talking a lot big thing. I know that I'm talking a lot big thing. I know that I'm talking a lot about like the vision of Archon here um about like the vision of Archon here um about like the vision of Archon here um as well as showing it, but I think as well as showing it, but I think as well as showing it, but I think that's important. Another big thing we that's important. Another big thing we that's important. Another big thing we want to do in Archon is make it want to do in Archon is make it want to do in Archon is make it integrate really really deeply with the integrate really really deeply with the integrate really really deeply with the idea of sub agents. And so different idea of sub agents. And so different idea of sub agents. And so different documents can be labeled by the agent documents can be labeled by the agent documents can be labeled by the agent that created them. Different tasks can that created them. Different tasks can that created them. Different tasks can be assigned to different agents like we be assigned to different agents like we be assigned to different agents like we can have Mary tasked with the um the can have Mary tasked with the um the can have Mary tasked with the um the research and the like initial like kind research and the like initial like kind research and the like initial like kind of like all the analyst stuff, right? of like all the analyst stuff, right? of like all the analyst stuff, right? like we're creating our uh brief here like we're creating our uh brief here like we're creating our uh brief here and then have like the project manager and then have like the project manager and then have like the project manager tasked with the things that we have tasked with the things that we have tasked with the things that we have related to creating the PRD having the related to creating the PRD having the related to creating the PRD having the developer tasked with things related to developer tasked with things related to developer tasked with things related to the coding and the QA agent like we can the coding and the QA agent like we can the coding and the QA agent like we can have these different tasks that are have these different tasks that are have these different tasks that are assigned to different things that we assigned to different things that we assigned to different things that we have in our task list here and then have have in our task list here and then have have in our task list here and then have them all coordinate together and so we them all coordinate together and so we them all coordinate together and so we have like clear boundaries and what sub have like clear boundaries and what sub have like clear boundaries and what sub aents are implementing what things based aents are implementing what things based aents are implementing what things based on their assignment in archon that's on their assignment in archon that's on their assignment in archon that's another thing that we're looking to do another thing that we're looking to do another thing that we're looking to do as well so here's Mary has added version as well so here's Mary has added version as well so here's Mary has added version 1.1 for the brief. So we have a lot of 1.1 for the brief. So we have a lot of 1.1 for the brief. So we have a lot of the same things as before like our scope the same things as before like our scope the same things as before like our scope requirements and our text stack and requirements and our text stack and requirements and our text stack and resource requirements but then we should resource requirements but then we should resource requirements but then we should also have more of a technical also have more of a technical also have more of a technical implementation. implementation. implementation. Um like here for example we got some Um like here for example we got some Um like here for example we got some actual like code in here and I don't I'm actual like code in here and I don't I'm actual like code in here and I don't I'm not going to like go through and like not going to like go through and like not going to like go through and like validate all this right now because I I validate all this right now because I I validate all this right now because I I do want to move forward but like we have do want to move forward but like we have do want to move forward but like we have some more like technical pieces to our some more like technical pieces to our some more like technical pieces to our implementation now. Um so I think that's implementation now. Um so I think that's implementation now. Um so I think that's a good starting point. we'll kind of go a good starting point. we'll kind of go a good starting point. we'll kind of go with that. Um like talking about the with that. Um like talking about the with that. Um like talking about the context manager pattern like things that context manager pattern like things that context manager pattern like things that are specific from the clown code docs are specific from the clown code docs are specific from the clown code docs that I found. So that's really good that that I found. So that's really good that that I found. So that's really good that we have that now and we used archon to we have that now and we used archon to we have that now and we used archon to fetch those things because who knows if fetch those things because who knows if fetch those things because who knows if a web search would have been able to get a web search would have been able to get a web search would have been able to get something that specific and um also it's something that specific and um also it's something that specific and um also it's just nice that like we can pull code just nice that like we can pull code just nice that like we can pull code examples and things from archon as well. examples and things from archon as well. examples and things from archon as well. So okay, there we go. We'll go ahead and So okay, there we go. We'll go ahead and So okay, there we go. We'll go ahead and um um um move on to the next thing here. So we move on to the next thing here. So we move on to the next thing here. So we have our brief created now. And so have our brief created now. And so have our brief created now. And so actually what the founder of BMAD actually what the founder of BMAD actually what the founder of BMAD recommends doing is clearing the recommends doing is clearing the recommends doing is clearing the conversation entirely when we go on to conversation entirely when we go on to conversation entirely when we go on to the next agent. So we've been working the next agent. So we've been working the next agent. So we've been working with the analyst agent this entire time. with the analyst agent this entire time. with the analyst agent this entire time. Now it is time to move on to the project Now it is time to move on to the project Now it is time to move on to the project manager. So I do PM uh / PM and then manager. So I do PM uh / PM and then manager. So I do PM uh / PM and then tab. So I'm now invoking the project tab. So I'm now invoking the project tab. So I'm now invoking the project manager because essentially what we want manager because essentially what we want manager because essentially what we want to do now is we want to take the brief to do now is we want to take the brief to do now is we want to take the brief that we've created in Archon based on that we've created in Archon based on that we've created in Archon based on all the research we've done and all the research we've done and all the research we've done and everything and we want to turn it into a everything and we want to turn it into a everything and we want to turn it into a PRD. So, it's going to be more PRD. So, it's going to be more PRD. So, it's going to be more specifically like let's dive into the specifically like let's dive into the specifically like let's dive into the specs for what we want to have created. specs for what we want to have created. specs for what we want to have created. So, now we have John, our project So, now we have John, our project So, now we have John, our project manager. manager. manager. It's actually pretty cool because I It's actually pretty cool because I It's actually pretty cool because I invoke John and right away he goes into invoke John and right away he goes into invoke John and right away he goes into the existing project that we have for the existing project that we have for the existing project that we have for Archon. That's pretty cool. So, we have Archon. That's pretty cool. So, we have Archon. That's pretty cool. So, we have uh no tasks yet, but yeah, that's right. uh no tasks yet, but yeah, that's right. uh no tasks yet, but yeah, that's right. Like right now, we just have the doc in Like right now, we just have the doc in Like right now, we just have the doc in the project. So, I can do star help to the project. So, I can do star help to the project. So, I can do star help to see what we can do with our project see what we can do with our project see what we can do with our project manager. Now, the thing that I want to manager. Now, the thing that I want to manager. Now, the thing that I want to do is create a PRD. do is create a PRD. do is create a PRD. Um, so yeah, let's go ahead and I'm Um, so yeah, let's go ahead and I'm Um, so yeah, let's go ahead and I'm going to copy the command here. So, going to copy the command here. So, going to copy the command here. So, specifically what we want to do is we specifically what we want to do is we specifically what we want to do is we want to create a PRD. And I I promised want to create a PRD. And I I promised want to create a PRD. And I I promised that I would talk about working with that I would talk about working with that I would talk about working with brownfield projects as well. So, we're brownfield projects as well. So, we're brownfield projects as well. So, we're creating something from scratch here. creating something from scratch here. creating something from scratch here. But if you're working in an existing But if you're working in an existing But if you're working in an existing codebase, like I said, the big codebase, like I said, the big codebase, like I said, the big difference is with existing code bases, difference is with existing code bases, difference is with existing code bases, generally you're going to be more generally you're going to be more generally you're going to be more referencing existing code versus with a referencing existing code versus with a referencing existing code versus with a new project, you're looking to external new project, you're looking to external new project, you're looking to external documentation for things like documentation for things like documentation for things like architecture and best practices. And so architecture and best practices. And so architecture and best practices. And so there are actually different commands there are actually different commands there are actually different commands that we invoke in John, our project that we invoke in John, our project that we invoke in John, our project manager in BMAD, based on if it's a new manager in BMAD, based on if it's a new manager in BMAD, based on if it's a new project, this is for a new project, this project, this is for a new project, this project, this is for a new project, this is for an existing project. like if is for an existing project. like if is for an existing project. like if we're creating a PRD to add a new we're creating a PRD to add a new we're creating a PRD to add a new feature into an existing codebase and so feature into an existing codebase and so feature into an existing codebase and so I won't showcase this right now but yeah I won't showcase this right now but yeah I won't showcase this right now but yeah the diagrams that we have for BMAD if I the diagrams that we have for BMAD if I the diagrams that we have for BMAD if I go back to that here there is a go back to that here there is a go back to that here there is a different step that we take based on if different step that we take based on if different step that we take based on if it is a new project or an existing one it is a new project or an existing one it is a new project or an existing one we're kind of at this stage in our we're kind of at this stage in our we're kind of at this stage in our diagram now so I'm going to paste in my diagram now so I'm going to paste in my diagram now so I'm going to paste in my command here uh whoops I did not mean to command here uh whoops I did not mean to command here uh whoops I did not mean to do that let me copy the other thing that do that let me copy the other thing that do that let me copy the other thing that I have uh just from my notes here my I have uh just from my notes here my I have uh just from my notes here my other monitor okay this is what I meant other monitor okay this is what I meant other monitor okay this is what I meant to do So we're going to call the create to do So we're going to call the create to do So we're going to call the create PRD command and I'm telling it to pull PRD command and I'm telling it to pull PRD command and I'm telling it to pull the brief that I have in the archon the brief that I have in the archon the brief that I have in the archon project and then I want it to create the project and then I want it to create the project and then I want it to create the PRD in archon as well. So we'll have a PRD in archon as well. So we'll have a PRD in archon as well. So we'll have a second document after we invoke this second document after we invoke this second document after we invoke this command. And also the big risk that I command. And also the big risk that I command. And also the big risk that I have to tell you guys with claude in have to tell you guys with claude in have to tell you guys with claude in general and with BMAD is it oftentimes general and with BMAD is it oftentimes general and with BMAD is it oftentimes loves to overengineer. loves to overengineer. loves to overengineer. And I'll show you guys what it looked And I'll show you guys what it looked And I'll show you guys what it looked like. This this is really unfortunate. like. This this is really unfortunate. like. This this is really unfortunate. the other example that I showed you the other example that I showed you the other example that I showed you guys. So like this project that I had guys. So like this project that I had guys. So like this project that I had created to like play around with BMAD created to like play around with BMAD created to like play around with BMAD initially, it created 123 to-dos. It initially, it created 123 to-dos. It initially, it created 123 to-dos. It completely overengineered with like completely overengineered with like completely overengineered with like super random tasks and things like this super random tasks and things like this super random tasks and things like this is the risk that you have when you have is the risk that you have when you have is the risk that you have when you have Mary and John working together to create Mary and John working together to create Mary and John working together to create your initial PRD. like things just get your initial PRD. like things just get your initial PRD. like things just get so overly complex because it's trying to so overly complex because it's trying to so overly complex because it's trying to build like this full productionready build like this full productionready build like this full productionready software for you and you don't need that software for you and you don't need that software for you and you don't need that to get started. It's way too much to to to get started. It's way too much to to to get started. It's way too much to to go through in in one time at one time. go through in in one time at one time. go through in in one time at one time. So yeah, I would say like my biggest tip So yeah, I would say like my biggest tip So yeah, I would say like my biggest tip is in your global rules for your coding is in your global rules for your coding is in your global rules for your coding assistant and just generally in your assistant and just generally in your assistant and just generally in your prompting. It's important to be clear prompting. It's important to be clear prompting. It's important to be clear quite often that you want things to be quite often that you want things to be quite often that you want things to be simple because Claude loves to simple because Claude loves to simple because Claude loves to overengineer. It's so annoying. You we overengineer. It's so annoying. You we overengineer. It's so annoying. You we don't want 123 tasks. We want like 10 to don't want 123 tasks. We want like 10 to don't want 123 tasks. We want like 10 to 20. Like that's what I'm hoping to 20. Like that's what I'm hoping to 20. Like that's what I'm hoping to create here. And so I'm telling it to create here. And so I'm telling it to create here. And so I'm telling it to not overengineer and just keep things not overengineer and just keep things not overengineer and just keep things simple. And so first we'll see it call simple. And so first we'll see it call simple. And so first we'll see it call into archon. So it'll use the MCP to into archon. So it'll use the MCP to into archon. So it'll use the MCP to grab the brief. U there we go. So we grab the brief. U there we go. So we grab the brief. U there we go. So we pulled the brief. I can do control R to pulled the brief. I can do control R to pulled the brief. I can do control R to expand it. We can see it. It pulled the expand it. We can see it. It pulled the expand it. We can see it. It pulled the brief here. And then it's going to uh do brief here. And then it's going to uh do brief here. And then it's going to uh do some research. I I forget exactly what some research. I I forget exactly what some research. I I forget exactly what the project manager does to like create the project manager does to like create the project manager does to like create the um to create the PRD. like I forget the um to create the PRD. like I forget the um to create the PRD. like I forget if it does research or if it more just if it does research or if it more just if it does research or if it more just like takes this and transforms it into a like takes this and transforms it into a like takes this and transforms it into a a PRD like just with its own reasoning, a PRD like just with its own reasoning, a PRD like just with its own reasoning, but we'll see in a second. This will but we'll see in a second. This will but we'll see in a second. This will obviously go for a little bit though obviously go for a little bit though obviously go for a little bit though because um or no, I guess it wait I because um or no, I guess it wait I because um or no, I guess it wait I guess it's almost done. Here's our guess it's almost done. Here's our guess it's almost done. Here's our simple PRD. Okay, product vision core simple PRD. Okay, product vision core simple PRD. Okay, product vision core problem. Here's our solution. A problem. Here's our solution. A problem. Here's our solution. A lightweight Nex.js app that wraps cloud lightweight Nex.js app that wraps cloud lightweight Nex.js app that wraps cloud code SDK to enable multi-instance code SDK to enable multi-instance code SDK to enable multi-instance management. This that's perfect. That is management. This that's perfect. That is management. This that's perfect. That is a oneliner for exactly what I want to a oneliner for exactly what I want to a oneliner for exactly what I want to create here. So it's good. it create here. So it's good. it create here. So it's good. it understands what I'm looking for. And understands what I'm looking for. And understands what I'm looking for. And then here's our MVP. Here are things then here's our MVP. Here are things then here's our MVP. Here are things that are out of scope. So it's avoiding that are out of scope. So it's avoiding that are out of scope. So it's avoiding complexity. I actually love this a lot. complexity. I actually love this a lot. complexity. I actually love this a lot. So when I was playing with BMAD So when I was playing with BMAD So when I was playing with BMAD initially, it was like including like initially, it was like including like initially, it was like including like all of these things. Like I actually all of these things. Like I actually all of these things. Like I actually remember seeing this explicitly that it remember seeing this explicitly that it remember seeing this explicitly that it was like trying to implement like team was like trying to implement like team was like trying to implement like team features so we could have multiple features so we could have multiple features so we could have multiple people managing this this whole like people managing this this whole like people managing this this whole like application which that's cool, but like application which that's cool, but like application which that's cool, but like let's not try to implement that right let's not try to implement that right let's not try to implement that right now. It's good that we're excluding some now. It's good that we're excluding some now. It's good that we're excluding some of these things. So we're starting with of these things. So we're starting with of these things. So we're starting with a simple local app like we have with a simple local app like we have with a simple local app like we have with Archon. Then we can build these things Archon. Then we can build these things Archon. Then we can build these things after which by the way that is actually after which by the way that is actually after which by the way that is actually what we're doing for archon like in what we're doing for archon like in what we're doing for archon like in scope what we built for the beta of scope what we built for the beta of scope what we built for the beta of archon is let's give a simple and archon is let's give a simple and archon is let's give a simple and beautiful user interface to manage beautiful user interface to manage beautiful user interface to manage projects knowledge and documents. Then projects knowledge and documents. Then projects knowledge and documents. Then when we start to move out of beta and when we start to move out of beta and when we start to move out of beta and get a lot of feedback for how we can get a lot of feedback for how we can get a lot of feedback for how we can improve the platform, then we'll start improve the platform, then we'll start improve the platform, then we'll start to add in different context engineering to add in different context engineering to add in different context engineering strategies and being able to manage the strategies and being able to manage the strategies and being able to manage the full suite of context and let's get into full suite of context and let's get into full suite of context and let's get into enterprise f features and make it so you enterprise f features and make it so you enterprise f features and make it so you can host archon like that. Those are all can host archon like that. Those are all can host archon like that. Those are all the things that are coming for archon. the things that are coming for archon. the things that are coming for archon. But we not we got to start simple But we not we got to start simple But we not we got to start simple because if you try to do too much at because if you try to do too much at because if you try to do too much at once like coding assistants like to do, once like coding assistants like to do, once like coding assistants like to do, you are just in for a world of hurt. And you are just in for a world of hurt. And you are just in for a world of hurt. And so we're starting simple. I I actually so we're starting simple. I I actually so we're starting simple. I I actually appreciate this a lot. So, let me go appreciate this a lot. So, let me go appreciate this a lot. So, let me go back down. back down. back down. Okay, so uh yeah, out of scope. Here's Okay, so uh yeah, out of scope. Here's Okay, so uh yeah, out of scope. Here's our simple architecture. our simple architecture. our simple architecture. I mean, I kind of wish it expanded on I mean, I kind of wish it expanded on I mean, I kind of wish it expanded on this a little bit more at least, but this a little bit more at least, but this a little bit more at least, but that's okay because I actually love it that's okay because I actually love it that's okay because I actually love it when coding assistants will output like when coding assistants will output like when coding assistants will output like the code base, like the structure that the code base, like the structure that the code base, like the structure that they're they're looking to implement. they're they're looking to implement. they're they're looking to implement. But yeah, here is our text stack. Xterm But yeah, here is our text stack. Xterm But yeah, here is our text stack. Xterm for terminal display sounds good to me. for terminal display sounds good to me. for terminal display sounds good to me. NextJS14 Tailwind looks good. Um, no NextJS14 Tailwind looks good. Um, no NextJS14 Tailwind looks good. Um, no need for Okay, so it's just going to do need for Okay, so it's just going to do need for Okay, so it's just going to do local storage for the config. So, we're local storage for the config. So, we're local storage for the config. So, we're not even using a database, which I think not even using a database, which I think not even using a database, which I think that's fine, I guess, for this that's fine, I guess, for this that's fine, I guess, for this implementation, we'll call it good. U implementation, we'll call it good. U implementation, we'll call it good. U maybe it's actually a little too simple, maybe it's actually a little too simple, maybe it's actually a little too simple, but I think for the cases of our live but I think for the cases of our live but I think for the cases of our live stream here, because we're already at stream here, because we're already at stream here, because we're already at one and a half hours, this is probably one and a half hours, this is probably one and a half hours, this is probably this is probably good. this is probably good. this is probably good. So, yeah. All right. Um, let me go to So, yeah. All right. Um, let me go to So, yeah. All right. Um, let me go to success criteria, development success criteria, development success criteria, development principles. Good. Good. User journey. principles. Good. Good. User journey. principles. Good. Good. User journey. Okay. Now, now we create this document Okay. Now, now we create this document Okay. Now, now we create this document in uh Archcom. So, cool. All right. So, in uh Archcom. So, cool. All right. So, in uh Archcom. So, cool. All right. So, let's actually take a look and make sure let's actually take a look and make sure let's actually take a look and make sure this was created, that it's looking this was created, that it's looking this was created, that it's looking good. So, I'll go to my projects. I'll good. So, I'll go to my projects. I'll good. So, I'll go to my projects. I'll go to this one that we have new here. Go go to this one that we have new here. Go go to this one that we have new here. Go to docs. And there we go. Here is our to docs. And there we go. Here is our to docs. And there we go. Here is our PRD. Nice. Cloud code instance manager PRD. Nice. Cloud code instance manager PRD. Nice. Cloud code instance manager simplified PRD. simplified PRD. simplified PRD. And um yeah, looks like there's a couple And um yeah, looks like there's a couple And um yeah, looks like there's a couple of little issues here. Like I said, the of little issues here. Like I said, the of little issues here. Like I said, the docs part of Archon is like the most docs part of Archon is like the most docs part of Archon is like the most experimental right now. And so, it's experimental right now. And so, it's experimental right now. And so, it's expected to not like look the perfect expected to not like look the perfect expected to not like look the perfect right now. There actually is a PR out right now. There actually is a PR out right now. There actually is a PR out from Sean to improve a lot of these from Sean to improve a lot of these from Sean to improve a lot of these things. So, we got we got improvements things. So, we got we got improvements things. So, we got we got improvements coming for this like really really soon. coming for this like really really soon. coming for this like really really soon. Um but yeah, um this is looking really Um but yeah, um this is looking really Um but yeah, um this is looking really good though. We got our text stack good though. We got our text stack good though. We got our text stack folder structure. Here's our scope folder structure. Here's our scope folder structure. Here's our scope looking really good. Like perfect. All looking really good. Like perfect. All looking really good. Like perfect. All right, we got our PRD. Like now we're right, we got our PRD. Like now we're right, we got our PRD. Like now we're ready to dive into the implementation. ready to dive into the implementation. ready to dive into the implementation. Um yeah, like this is this is great. I Um yeah, like this is this is great. I Um yeah, like this is this is great. I love how it looks overall even though love how it looks overall even though love how it looks overall even though it's not like perfect yet. And then it's not like perfect yet. And then it's not like perfect yet. And then there's also a markdown editor. If you there's also a markdown editor. If you there's also a markdown editor. If you want to edit things yourself, you can do want to edit things yourself, you can do want to edit things yourself, you can do so. So you can be a part of the process so. So you can be a part of the process so. So you can be a part of the process of editing the doc right in archon and of editing the doc right in archon and of editing the doc right in archon and then saving it to your superbase. So then saving it to your superbase. So then saving it to your superbase. So like all these documents are stored in like all these documents are stored in like all these documents are stored in superbase so you can reference them superbase so you can reference them superbase so you can reference them between sessions even between users very between sessions even between users very between sessions even between users very easily. Like one thing that us like core easily. Like one thing that us like core easily. Like one thing that us like core maintainers for archon like everyone in maintainers for archon like everyone in maintainers for archon like everyone in the dynamis community what we're looking the dynamis community what we're looking the dynamis community what we're looking to do is actually like spin up a shared to do is actually like spin up a shared to do is actually like spin up a shared archon instance which it doesn't archon instance which it doesn't archon instance which it doesn't actually mean like here here's the cool actually mean like here here's the cool actually mean like here here's the cool thing with archon. If you guys want to thing with archon. If you guys want to thing with archon. If you guys want to share your Archon instance with other share your Archon instance with other share your Archon instance with other people because everything is stored in people because everything is stored in people because everything is stored in Superbase, it's not like you have to Superbase, it's not like you have to Superbase, it's not like you have to host one Archon instance and then deploy host one Archon instance and then deploy host one Archon instance and then deploy it to the cloud. Like you can have it to the cloud. Like you can have it to the cloud. Like you can have everyone running their own Archon everyone running their own Archon everyone running their own Archon instances locally just pointing to the instances locally just pointing to the instances locally just pointing to the same Superbase database that you have in same Superbase database that you have in same Superbase database that you have in the cloud. And so obviously that the cloud. And so obviously that the cloud. And so obviously that wouldn't work for like localhosted wouldn't work for like localhosted wouldn't work for like localhosted superbase. But if you're going to like superbase. But if you're going to like superbase. But if you're going to like superbase.com and creating a project superbase.com and creating a project superbase.com and creating a project there, then everyone can can use the there, then everyone can can use the there, then everyone can can use the same archon instance. You can have same archon instance. You can have same archon instance. You can have everyone working on the same projects everyone working on the same projects everyone working on the same projects and docs. They're just all running their and docs. They're just all running their and docs. They're just all running their own archon pointing to the super basease own archon pointing to the super basease own archon pointing to the super basease in the cloud. It's pretty cool. So I'm in the cloud. It's pretty cool. So I'm in the cloud. It's pretty cool. So I'm going to I'm going to clear and I'm going to I'm going to clear and I'm going to I'm going to clear and I'm going to go on to the next agent here. going to go on to the next agent here. going to go on to the next agent here. So going to our flow within BMAD. So going to our flow within BMAD. So going to our flow within BMAD. Let's go back. So, next up, we have our Let's go back. So, next up, we have our Let's go back. So, next up, we have our architect. So, we're going to create uh architect. So, we're going to create uh architect. So, we're going to create uh the architecture from the PRD. And also, the architecture from the PRD. And also, the architecture from the PRD. And also, I'm going to actually have the architect I'm going to actually have the architect I'm going to actually have the architect create tasks for us in Archon. So, I'll create tasks for us in Archon. So, I'll create tasks for us in Archon. So, I'll do slash architect. do slash architect. do slash architect. Good. Good. And then I'll do the help Good. Good. And then I'll do the help Good. Good. And then I'll do the help command after it runs its little intro command after it runs its little intro command after it runs its little intro message for me here. message for me here. message for me here. Um or I guess it's going right away. Um or I guess it's going right away. Um or I guess it's going right away. Wait, what is it doing? I'll help you Wait, what is it doing? I'll help you Wait, what is it doing? I'll help you set up the Archon project management set up the Archon project management set up the Archon project management system for a BMAD app. Let me start by system for a BMAD app. Let me start by system for a BMAD app. Let me start by checking what's available in the Archon checking what's available in the Archon checking what's available in the Archon MCP and create a project structure. Um, MCP and create a project structure. Um, MCP and create a project structure. Um, all right. It's just going right away. all right. It's just going right away. all right. It's just going right away. This is interesting. I'm just going to This is interesting. I'm just going to This is interesting. I'm just going to let it run. Like I said, we're let it run. Like I said, we're let it run. Like I said, we're freestyling today. When I tested the freestyling today. When I tested the freestyling today. When I tested the architect before, it didn't do this, but architect before, it didn't do this, but architect before, it didn't do this, but now it's just like running right away. now it's just like running right away. now it's just like running right away. Um, and it's okay. So, now now we're Um, and it's okay. So, now now we're Um, and it's okay. So, now now we're integrating BMAD with PRP. Let's go. integrating BMAD with PRP. Let's go. integrating BMAD with PRP. Let's go. Okay, this is interesting. I'm I'm just Okay, this is interesting. I'm I'm just Okay, this is interesting. I'm I'm just going to see what it does. Um, what is going to see what it does. Um, what is going to see what it does. Um, what is it doing? it doing? it doing? Okay, I need to stop it now. Sorry. Okay, I need to stop it now. Sorry. Okay, I need to stop it now. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Uh, architect. What's the Sorry. Sorry. Uh, architect. What's the Sorry. Sorry. Uh, architect. What's the architect's name? The architect didn't architect's name? The architect didn't architect's name? The architect didn't even tell me what its name is. It just even tell me what its name is. It just even tell me what its name is. It just went right into it. Uh, what is your went right into it. Uh, what is your went right into it. Uh, what is your name? All right, cuz it create the the name? All right, cuz it create the the name? All right, cuz it create the the thing that I made me have to stop it is thing that I made me have to stop it is thing that I made me have to stop it is that it created a third project and that it created a third project and that it created a third project and that's that's not good. Like I needed to that's that's not good. Like I needed to that's that's not good. Like I needed to I'm going to just go ahead and delete I'm going to just go ahead and delete I'm going to just go ahead and delete this project because I need it to this project because I need it to this project because I need it to reference the existing one because we reference the existing one because we reference the existing one because we got our docs here. So, but that's all got our docs here. So, but that's all got our docs here. So, but that's all good. Like it's fine just to correct it good. Like it's fine just to correct it good. Like it's fine just to correct it quick. Okay. So, it's Winston. So, quick. Okay. So, it's Winston. So, quick. Okay. So, it's Winston. So, Winston dove in right away before even Winston dove in right away before even Winston dove in right away before even introducing himself to me. Okay. Okay. introducing himself to me. Okay. Okay. introducing himself to me. Okay. Okay. Winston, I need you to use the existing Winston, I need you to use the existing Winston, I need you to use the existing project in Archon and then I'll just project in Archon and then I'll just project in Archon and then I'll just call out the name. call out the name. call out the name. Uh, so let me go back here. I'll copy Uh, so let me go back here. I'll copy Uh, so let me go back here. I'll copy this because I I just don't want to this because I I just don't want to this because I I just don't want to reference the old one that I had just to reference the old one that I had just to reference the old one that I had just to like show you guys a previous attempt. like show you guys a previous attempt. like show you guys a previous attempt. So, um, yeah. Okay. So using this So, um, yeah. Okay. So using this So, um, yeah. Okay. So using this project read the PRD that we have stored project read the PRD that we have stored project read the PRD that we have stored in that project in archon. in that project in archon. in that project in archon. Then I want you to shard the PRD into Then I want you to shard the PRD into Then I want you to shard the PRD into tasks tasks tasks uh no more than 20 tasks and put those uh no more than 20 tasks and put those uh no more than 20 tasks and put those in the tasks for the archon project. All in the tasks for the archon project. All in the tasks for the archon project. All right. So basically what I'm telling it right. So basically what I'm telling it right. So basically what I'm telling it to do is pull down this document right to do is pull down this document right to do is pull down this document right here. And then based on all the here. And then based on all the here. And then based on all the requirements that we have and requirements that we have and requirements that we have and everything, I want it to just create 20 everything, I want it to just create 20 everything, I want it to just create 20 tasks. So we start building up our tasks. So we start building up our tasks. So we start building up our cananban board here. So we can dive into cananban board here. So we can dive into cananban board here. So we can dive into the implementation. And so I don't know the implementation. And so I don't know the implementation. And so I don't know if 20 is enough or not. I just want to if 20 is enough or not. I just want to if 20 is enough or not. I just want to like really keep it simple here. And so like really keep it simple here. And so like really keep it simple here. And so yeah, so it's pulling the document here. yeah, so it's pulling the document here. yeah, so it's pulling the document here. And now we're starting to create some And now we're starting to create some And now we're starting to create some tasks. And so we should be able to see tasks. And so we should be able to see tasks. And so we should be able to see this pop up in real time as we go. So this pop up in real time as we go. So this pop up in real time as we go. So let's see what it's doing here. Here, let's see what it's doing here. Here, let's see what it's doing here. Here, I'm going to go ahead and refresh. I'm going to go ahead and refresh. I'm going to go ahead and refresh. Um, okay, there we go. All right, so Um, okay, there we go. All right, so Um, okay, there we go. All right, so it's creating some tasks it's creating some tasks it's creating some tasks there. I got to Sorry, I'm having an there. I got to Sorry, I'm having an there. I got to Sorry, I'm having an issue with my browser here. issue with my browser here. issue with my browser here. Um, okay. Yeah, there we go. So, it's Um, okay. Yeah, there we go. So, it's Um, okay. Yeah, there we go. So, it's creating some tasks here. Like, let's creating some tasks here. Like, let's creating some tasks here. Like, let's see this one right here. Create cloud see this one right here. Create cloud see this one right here. Create cloud SDK wrapper class with TypeScript. Looks SDK wrapper class with TypeScript. Looks SDK wrapper class with TypeScript. Looks good. And it's referencing the specific good. And it's referencing the specific good. And it's referencing the specific file to implement. It's talking about file to implement. It's talking about file to implement. It's talking about error handling with some like specific error handling with some like specific error handling with some like specific errors that so like this class the CLI errors that so like this class the CLI errors that so like this class the CLI not found error like it found this from not found error like it found this from not found error like it found this from the cloud code documentation. So this is the cloud code documentation. So this is the cloud code documentation. So this is based on its research that it did with based on its research that it did with based on its research that it did with the archon a rag the functionality that the archon a rag the functionality that the archon a rag the functionality that we gave it. So yeah it's looking good. we gave it. So yeah it's looking good. we gave it. So yeah it's looking good. So it's going through it's creating all So it's going through it's creating all So it's going through it's creating all these tasks here and um yeah I'll just these tasks here and um yeah I'll just these tasks here and um yeah I'll just kind of let it run with that. So I'll go kind of let it run with that. So I'll go kind of let it run with that. So I'll go to the chat here while we got the the to the chat here while we got the the to the chat here while we got the the tasks being created in archon. tasks being created in archon. tasks being created in archon. Um, Winston is defin on the chopping Um, Winston is defin on the chopping Um, Winston is defin on the chopping block. Yeah, come on, Winston. No, it's block. Yeah, come on, Winston. No, it's block. Yeah, come on, Winston. No, it's all good. Um, because like I said, all good. Um, because like I said, all good. Um, because like I said, there's probably a lot of opportunities there's probably a lot of opportunities there's probably a lot of opportunities to integrate BMAD with Archon a lot more to integrate BMAD with Archon a lot more to integrate BMAD with Archon a lot more with like just even the way we're with like just even the way we're with like just even the way we're setting up the global rules, telling setting up the global rules, telling setting up the global rules, telling Winston how to use Archon, so it doesn't Winston how to use Archon, so it doesn't Winston how to use Archon, so it doesn't make those assumptions like he did in in make those assumptions like he did in in make those assumptions like he did in in um initially, which yeah, so I don't um initially, which yeah, so I don't um initially, which yeah, so I don't really blame him, but it was funny. So, really blame him, but it was funny. So, really blame him, but it was funny. So, yeah, LLMs and and sub agents, they're yeah, LLMs and and sub agents, they're yeah, LLMs and and sub agents, they're they're inconsistent in the way that they're inconsistent in the way that they're inconsistent in the way that they leverage the tools that we give they leverage the tools that we give they leverage the tools that we give them. And so, that's why it's really them. And so, that's why it's really them. And so, that's why it's really important to be super specific with our important to be super specific with our important to be super specific with our prompts. Let's go back to um I'll just prompts. Let's go back to um I'll just prompts. Let's go back to um I'll just refresh to make sure. Oh, no, it was refresh to make sure. Oh, no, it was refresh to make sure. Oh, no, it was already loaded here. So, we got the 20 already loaded here. So, we got the 20 already loaded here. So, we got the 20 tasks for our project here. So, it's tasks for our project here. So, it's tasks for our project here. So, it's starting all the way at the beginning starting all the way at the beginning starting all the way at the beginning with initialize next.js 14 with with initialize next.js 14 with with initialize next.js 14 with TypeScript and Tailwind. TypeScript and Tailwind. TypeScript and Tailwind. Um and then we get create API routes. Um and then we get create API routes. Um and then we get create API routes. um for different things. Looks good. um for different things. Looks good. um for different things. Looks good. Build, create the instance model form. Build, create the instance model form. Build, create the instance model form. Okay. All right. Good. Good. All the way Okay. All right. Good. Good. All the way Okay. All right. Good. Good. All the way to final testing and GitHub release to final testing and GitHub release to final testing and GitHub release preparation, which maybe that's a little preparation, which maybe that's a little preparation, which maybe that's a little bit of overengineering, but yeah, within bit of overengineering, but yeah, within bit of overengineering, but yeah, within each of these tasks, we also have a each of these tasks, we also have a each of these tasks, we also have a description. So, we're giving more description. So, we're giving more description. So, we're giving more context to whatever ends up implementing context to whatever ends up implementing context to whatever ends up implementing this, what exactly we're looking for. this, what exactly we're looking for. this, what exactly we're looking for. And here we're specifying things like And here we're specifying things like And here we're specifying things like using externs. So, it's very much using externs. So, it's very much using externs. So, it's very much referencing the plan that we have in our referencing the plan that we have in our referencing the plan that we have in our PRD. It's putting those things into the PRD. It's putting those things into the PRD. It's putting those things into the descriptions here. like we have our text descriptions here. like we have our text descriptions here. like we have our text stack being referenced throughout our stack being referenced throughout our stack being referenced throughout our tasks. And so everything is like very tasks. And so everything is like very tasks. And so everything is like very integrated here. That's the beauty of integrated here. That's the beauty of integrated here. That's the beauty of it. And so now going back to my um it. And so now going back to my um it. And so now going back to my um architect here, there's a lot of other architect here, there's a lot of other architect here, there's a lot of other things we can do. So, I'll kind of like things we can do. So, I'll kind of like things we can do. So, I'll kind of like continue with the common theme here of continue with the common theme here of continue with the common theme here of like I'm not going to be using like I'm not going to be using like I'm not going to be using everything within these sub aents just everything within these sub aents just everything within these sub aents just to keep things concise, but I want to to keep things concise, but I want to to keep things concise, but I want to like show you guys some of the other like show you guys some of the other like show you guys some of the other things you can do with these different things you can do with these different things you can do with these different sub aents with the BMAD method and sub aents with the BMAD method and sub aents with the BMAD method and probably some other things that could probably some other things that could probably some other things that could like integrate more with Archon as well. like integrate more with Archon as well. like integrate more with Archon as well. So, our Winston So, our Winston So, our Winston is a devious little architect that is a devious little architect that is a devious little architect that didn't even introduce himself at first. didn't even introduce himself at first. didn't even introduce himself at first. He can do a lot of other things. We can He can do a lot of other things. We can He can do a lot of other things. We can um do some more research if we wanted um do some more research if we wanted um do some more research if we wanted to. Like I could actually have him like to. Like I could actually have him like to. Like I could actually have him like research best practices for research best practices for research best practices for architecture. Going back to Archon for architecture. Going back to Archon for architecture. Going back to Archon for the docs, we can have him create a the docs, we can have him create a the docs, we can have him create a front-end architecture specifically, front-end architecture specifically, front-end architecture specifically, which if I had the time here, I probably which if I had the time here, I probably which if I had the time here, I probably would actually do this. I think that would actually do this. I think that would actually do this. I think that would make sense because a lot of what would make sense because a lot of what would make sense because a lot of what I'm building here is relying on the I'm building here is relying on the I'm building here is relying on the front end being quite robust, especially front end being quite robust, especially front end being quite robust, especially being able to like have terminal output being able to like have terminal output being able to like have terminal output for our different cloud code instances. for our different cloud code instances. for our different cloud code instances. Like definitely that would be important. Like definitely that would be important. Like definitely that would be important. Um, however, to keep things concise, I'm Um, however, to keep things concise, I'm Um, however, to keep things concise, I'm going to clear. I'm going to say we're going to clear. I'm going to say we're going to clear. I'm going to say we're good here. So we got our tasks, we've good here. So we got our tasks, we've good here. So we got our tasks, we've got our PRD, like we have all the got our PRD, like we have all the got our PRD, like we have all the context we need to really start diving context we need to really start diving context we need to really start diving into the implementation. So our PRD plus into the implementation. So our PRD plus into the implementation. So our PRD plus our tasks plus probably leveraging our our tasks plus probably leveraging our our tasks plus probably leveraging our knowledge base even more. Like that's knowledge base even more. Like that's knowledge base even more. Like that's everything that our development agent everything that our development agent everything that our development agent now needs. And so there are some now needs. And so there are some now needs. And so there are some different agents within BMAD. Like we different agents within BMAD. Like we different agents within BMAD. Like we have the dev agent. I could dive into have the dev agent. I could dive into have the dev agent. I could dive into using this. Uh we also have the using this. Uh we also have the using this. Uh we also have the um scrum master agent. If I wanted to um scrum master agent. If I wanted to um scrum master agent. If I wanted to invoke the scrum master agent, we could invoke the scrum master agent, we could invoke the scrum master agent, we could dive into these things. That's really dive into these things. That's really dive into these things. That's really going to be that second part of the flow going to be that second part of the flow going to be that second part of the flow that we have in BMAD. So like we that we have in BMAD. So like we that we have in BMAD. So like we basically went through this whole basically went through this whole basically went through this whole planning workflow and I know I skipped a planning workflow and I know I skipped a planning workflow and I know I skipped a lot of things, but like we went through lot of things, but like we went through lot of things, but like we went through it and a lot of it is optional. And now it and a lot of it is optional. And now it and a lot of it is optional. And now we've gotten to the point we're ready to we've gotten to the point we're ready to we've gotten to the point we're ready to go to the development workflow. And so go to the development workflow. And so go to the development workflow. And so we kind of go in a cycle here where we we kind of go in a cycle here where we we kind of go in a cycle here where we generate these stories based on our PRD. generate these stories based on our PRD. generate these stories based on our PRD. I kind of did something a little bit I kind of did something a little bit I kind of did something a little bit differently in Archon where instead of differently in Archon where instead of differently in Archon where instead of stories, I more just have like the stories, I more just have like the stories, I more just have like the different tasks in our project. And so different tasks in our project. And so different tasks in our project. And so now we can start knocking these off one now we can start knocking these off one now we can start knocking these off one by one. by one. by one. And in order to do this, I actually kind And in order to do this, I actually kind And in order to do this, I actually kind of want to use PRP. of want to use PRP. of want to use PRP. Like I said, freestyling. I'm going to Like I said, freestyling. I'm going to Like I said, freestyling. I'm going to switch from BMAD to PRP. So we used BMAD switch from BMAD to PRP. So we used BMAD switch from BMAD to PRP. So we used BMAD for the planning. And that's kind of for the planning. And that's kind of for the planning. And that's kind of equivalent to creating like our initial equivalent to creating like our initial equivalent to creating like our initial MD file where we're just describing MD file where we're just describing MD file where we're just describing those initial requirements that we have those initial requirements that we have those initial requirements that we have to create our PRP. And so I'm going to to create our PRP. And so I'm going to to create our PRP. And so I'm going to do something kind of interesting here. do something kind of interesting here. do something kind of interesting here. So within my uh VS Code, I'll I'll just So within my uh VS Code, I'll I'll just So within my uh VS Code, I'll I'll just pop this up quick. Within my VS Code, pop this up quick. Within my VS Code, pop this up quick. Within my VS Code, the same place that I have BMAD set up, the same place that I have BMAD set up, the same place that I have BMAD set up, I also downloaded the um the starter for I also downloaded the um the starter for I also downloaded the um the starter for PRP. So we have our two commands to PRP. So we have our two commands to PRP. So we have our two commands to execute and generate PRPS. I've got my execute and generate PRPS. I've got my execute and generate PRPS. I've got my template to base a PRP off of. By the template to base a PRP off of. By the template to base a PRP off of. By the way, this is all available to you guys way, this is all available to you guys way, this is all available to you guys in the context engineering intro in the context engineering intro in the context engineering intro repository that I've covered on my repository that I've covered on my repository that I've covered on my channel a couple of times. And so I'm channel a couple of times. And so I'm channel a couple of times. And so I'm just pulling all of the like getting just pulling all of the like getting just pulling all of the like getting started stuff from this repository so we started stuff from this repository so we started stuff from this repository so we can implement PRP because what I'm going can implement PRP because what I'm going can implement PRP because what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the spec the to do is I'm going to take the spec the to do is I'm going to take the spec the PRD that we generated with BMAD and I'm PRD that we generated with BMAD and I'm PRD that we generated with BMAD and I'm going to turn that into a PRP so we can going to turn that into a PRP so we can going to turn that into a PRP so we can just start implementing it with all the just start implementing it with all the just start implementing it with all the tasks that we have in Archon as well. tasks that we have in Archon as well. tasks that we have in Archon as well. So, this might be a little bit of So, this might be a little bit of So, this might be a little bit of overengineering, but I think this is overengineering, but I think this is overengineering, but I think this is cool to experiment with. So, we're just cool to experiment with. So, we're just cool to experiment with. So, we're just going to do it. We're going to go ahead going to do it. We're going to go ahead going to do it. We're going to go ahead and do it. So, I'm going to do and do it. So, I'm going to do and do it. So, I'm going to do slashgenerate PRP. And then, typically slashgenerate PRP. And then, typically slashgenerate PRP. And then, typically with PRPS, you want to reference a file with PRPS, you want to reference a file with PRPS, you want to reference a file that has your initial requirements, but that has your initial requirements, but that has your initial requirements, but instead, I'm going to say uh look at the instead, I'm going to say uh look at the instead, I'm going to say uh look at the or I'm going to say use the PRD we have or I'm going to say use the PRD we have or I'm going to say use the PRD we have in the Archon project. And then I'm in the Archon project. And then I'm in the Archon project. And then I'm going to go back to Archon because I got going to go back to Archon because I got going to go back to Archon because I got to copy that name again of the project to copy that name again of the project to copy that name again of the project here. Cloud code instance manager Nex.js here. Cloud code instance manager Nex.js here. Cloud code instance manager Nex.js control center. There we go. So copy control center. There we go. So copy control center. There we go. So copy this, paste it. There we go. Okay. So this, paste it. There we go. Okay. So this, paste it. There we go. Okay. So we're going to generate a PRP which is we're going to generate a PRP which is we're going to generate a PRP which is going to it's going to take the PRD and going to it's going to take the PRD and going to it's going to take the PRD and turn it more into a prompt for our turn it more into a prompt for our turn it more into a prompt for our coding assistant. So we have things like coding assistant. So we have things like coding assistant. So we have things like validation gates so it understands how validation gates so it understands how validation gates so it understands how to validate its work. We're going to be to validate its work. We're going to be to validate its work. We're going to be more explicit with like the final more explicit with like the final more explicit with like the final codebase architecture that we want. And codebase architecture that we want. And codebase architecture that we want. And so yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna let it run so yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna let it run so yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna let it run and do that. Um, so yeah, let's actually and do that. Um, so yeah, let's actually and do that. Um, so yeah, let's actually go back in the terminal here because we go back in the terminal here because we go back in the terminal here because we have our PRP. I'm gonna get get back to have our PRP. I'm gonna get get back to have our PRP. I'm gonna get get back to the the coding for a bit, but I really the the coding for a bit, but I really the the coding for a bit, but I really appreciate being in the chat with you appreciate being in the chat with you appreciate being in the chat with you guys. Um, so like I said, like we're guys. Um, so like I said, like we're guys. Um, so like I said, like we're we're going through this thing. I don't we're going through this thing. I don't we're going through this thing. I don't think we're going to build it from like think we're going to build it from like think we're going to build it from like fully build it here. Um, because the fully build it here. Um, because the fully build it here. Um, because the focus is showing you how to integrate focus is showing you how to integrate focus is showing you how to integrate BMAD with Archon and now we're talking BMAD with Archon and now we're talking BMAD with Archon and now we're talking about PRP as well. We're freestyling and about PRP as well. We're freestyling and about PRP as well. We're freestyling and I just want to talk with you guys, have I just want to talk with you guys, have I just want to talk with you guys, have a chat with you guys and and answer your a chat with you guys and and answer your a chat with you guys and and answer your questions. So I'm putting a lot of questions. So I'm putting a lot of questions. So I'm putting a lot of emphasis into that as well. But yeah, emphasis into that as well. But yeah, emphasis into that as well. But yeah, here is our PRP. here is our PRP. here is our PRP. So, I'm going to open a preview of it so So, I'm going to open a preview of it so So, I'm going to open a preview of it so we can take a look. we can take a look. we can take a look. Uh, there we go. At our purpose, our Uh, there we go. At our purpose, our Uh, there we go. At our purpose, our core principles, and our goal. So, we're core principles, and our goal. So, we're core principles, and our goal. So, we're following the base PRP. This is the following the base PRP. This is the following the base PRP. This is the template that we're basing this off of. template that we're basing this off of. template that we're basing this off of. Um, let me go back. There we go. So, we Um, let me go back. There we go. So, we Um, let me go back. There we go. So, we got our why. We got our what, what we're got our why. We got our what, what we're got our why. We got our what, what we're building here. We got our success building here. We got our success building here. We got our success criteria. Here's all the documentation criteria. Here's all the documentation criteria. Here's all the documentation that we want it to uh read through, that we want it to uh read through, that we want it to uh read through, which that's good. But also, I want to which that's good. But also, I want to which that's good. But also, I want to tell it to use Archon as well. So, I'll tell it to use Archon as well. So, I'll tell it to use Archon as well. So, I'll say use Archon for Claude Code SDK and say use Archon for Claude Code SDK and say use Archon for Claude Code SDK and Nex.js Docs. Nex.js Docs. Nex.js Docs. Um, yeah. So, I'll just I think I'll Um, yeah. So, I'll just I think I'll Um, yeah. So, I'll just I think I'll just leave it there. That's good. So, just leave it there. That's good. So, just leave it there. That's good. So, within the documentation and reference, within the documentation and reference, within the documentation and reference, I didn't really I should have been I didn't really I should have been I didn't really I should have been explicit in creating the PRP that I explicit in creating the PRP that I explicit in creating the PRP that I wanted to use Archon, but this is going wanted to use Archon, but this is going wanted to use Archon, but this is going to work as well. So, I'll just add it to work as well. So, I'll just add it to work as well. So, I'll just add it here. must read. You must use Archon for here. must read. You must use Archon for here. must read. You must use Archon for cloud code SDK and Nex.js doc so we can cloud code SDK and Nex.js doc so we can cloud code SDK and Nex.js doc so we can kind of more supplement the research kind of more supplement the research kind of more supplement the research that we've already did with the Archon that we've already did with the Archon that we've already did with the Archon MCP and then doing some research on like MCP and then doing some research on like MCP and then doing some research on like Xterm and and real-time patterns. Looks Xterm and and real-time patterns. Looks Xterm and and real-time patterns. Looks good. Here's our desired codebase. See good. Here's our desired codebase. See good. Here's our desired codebase. See this this is beautiful. Like this is this this is beautiful. Like this is this this is beautiful. Like this is what I like seeing. And Claude actually what I like seeing. And Claude actually what I like seeing. And Claude actually does a really good job at respecting the does a really good job at respecting the does a really good job at respecting the desired codebase tree. And so this is desired codebase tree. And so this is desired codebase tree. And so this is what our end result is going to look what our end result is going to look what our end result is going to look like where we have um we have our API like where we have um we have our API like where we have um we have our API where we have the routes for managing where we have the routes for managing where we have the routes for managing cloud code instances. We have the cloud code instances. We have the cloud code instances. We have the different components for displaying the different components for displaying the different components for displaying the terminal and the logs. Like this is terminal and the logs. Like this is terminal and the logs. Like this is really good. We've got known gotas and really good. We've got known gotas and really good. We've got known gotas and then we have a lot of pseudo code here then we have a lot of pseudo code here then we have a lot of pseudo code here and the list of tasks that need to be and the list of tasks that need to be and the list of tasks that need to be implemented here which I'm going to just implemented here which I'm going to just implemented here which I'm going to just tell it to use archon. So maybe there's tell it to use archon. So maybe there's tell it to use archon. So maybe there's a little bit of a disconnect here. Um a little bit of a disconnect here. Um a little bit of a disconnect here. Um but yeah, it looks pretty close to what but yeah, it looks pretty close to what but yeah, it looks pretty close to what we actually had in in um Archon. So I we actually had in in um Archon. So I we actually had in in um Archon. So I might have even referenced it. I'm not might have even referenced it. I'm not might have even referenced it. I'm not totally sure exactly but yeah then we totally sure exactly but yeah then we totally sure exactly but yeah then we just have a lot of pseudo code. So yeah just have a lot of pseudo code. So yeah just have a lot of pseudo code. So yeah and then uh yeah I guess the very last and then uh yeah I guess the very last and then uh yeah I guess the very last thing is the validation gates or thing is the validation gates or thing is the validation gates or validation loops. So one of the really validation loops. So one of the really validation loops. So one of the really important parts of the PRP framework is important parts of the PRP framework is important parts of the PRP framework is telling the coding assistant how it can telling the coding assistant how it can telling the coding assistant how it can iterate and validate its own output. So iterate and validate its own output. So iterate and validate its own output. So like with linting checks and we're going like with linting checks and we're going like with linting checks and we're going to have it write unit tests and to have it write unit tests and to have it write unit tests and integration tests. Uh which I'm actually integration tests. Uh which I'm actually integration tests. Uh which I'm actually going to take out integration tests going to take out integration tests going to take out integration tests because that's probably too much for because that's probably too much for because that's probably too much for right now. So I'm going to go ahead and right now. So I'm going to go ahead and right now. So I'm going to go ahead and take this out. So again, just like with take this out. So again, just like with take this out. So again, just like with out with validating code that's outputed out with validating code that's outputed out with validating code that's outputed from your coding assistant, you want to from your coding assistant, you want to from your coding assistant, you want to validate the PRP before you execute it. validate the PRP before you execute it. validate the PRP before you execute it. Make sure that it's aligned with what Make sure that it's aligned with what Make sure that it's aligned with what you want to create and that it's not you want to create and that it's not you want to create and that it's not overengineering because that's another overengineering because that's another overengineering because that's another big thing that coding assistants do. big thing that coding assistants do. big thing that coding assistants do. Like I was talking about earlier, we got Like I was talking about earlier, we got Like I was talking about earlier, we got our final validation checklist and then our final validation checklist and then our final validation checklist and then some anti-atterns here. So we're looking some anti-atterns here. So we're looking some anti-atterns here. So we're looking good. And our confidence score good. And our confidence score good. And our confidence score is not as high as I want it to be, but is not as high as I want it to be, but is not as high as I want it to be, but just for the sake of brevity, I'm going just for the sake of brevity, I'm going just for the sake of brevity, I'm going to go ahead and kick this off. So, I'm to go ahead and kick this off. So, I'm to go ahead and kick this off. So, I'm going to clear the conversation, going to clear the conversation, going to clear the conversation, and I'm going to say execute PRP. And and I'm going to say execute PRP. And and I'm going to say execute PRP. And then the path to our PRP is PRP's claude then the path to our PRP is PRP's claude then the path to our PRP is PRP's claude code instance code instance code instance manager MD. And then, uh, the other manager MD. And then, uh, the other manager MD. And then, uh, the other thing is I'm going to kick this off. I'm thing is I'm going to kick this off. I'm thing is I'm going to kick this off. I'm going to say use the archon project for going to say use the archon project for going to say use the archon project for task management and archon for rag. Um, task management and archon for rag. Um, task management and archon for rag. Um, and then I'll say the project is and and then I'll say the project is and and then I'll say the project is and then I'll go back into then I'll go back into then I'll go back into here. I got to I keep I should just like here. I got to I keep I should just like here. I got to I keep I should just like memorize this. Let me copy this. Cool. memorize this. Let me copy this. Cool. memorize this. Let me copy this. Cool. Go back in here and paste that. All Go back in here and paste that. All Go back in here and paste that. All right. There we go. Okay. And it right. There we go. Okay. And it right. There we go. Okay. And it actually was checking for projects actually was checking for projects actually was checking for projects already. So it it knew to use archon, already. So it it knew to use archon, already. So it it knew to use archon, but now I'm just being explicit telling but now I'm just being explicit telling but now I'm just being explicit telling it which project to use. So there we So it which project to use. So there we So it which project to use. So there we So now now it's it knows which project to now now it's it knows which project to now now it's it knows which project to use, but it's going to look there use, but it's going to look there use, but it's going to look there already anyway. So all right, we're already anyway. So all right, we're already anyway. So all right, we're using Archon right away for our using Archon right away for our using Archon right away for our implementation. So we got one task implementation. So we got one task implementation. So we got one task that's done. Okay, now it moved on to that's done. Okay, now it moved on to that's done. Okay, now it moved on to the next one is in progress. So now it's the next one is in progress. So now it's the next one is in progress. So now it's installing configuring cloud code with installing configuring cloud code with installing configuring cloud code with Xterm. Okay, so we're good. So it's Xterm. Okay, so we're good. So it's Xterm. Okay, so we're good. So it's moving through the implementation. Now moving through the implementation. Now moving through the implementation. Now the rest of this we're just going to the rest of this we're just going to the rest of this we're just going to have to wait a while because it's going have to wait a while because it's going have to wait a while because it's going to have to knock through all these to have to knock through all these to have to knock through all these tasks. But you can very much see that tasks. But you can very much see that tasks. But you can very much see that it's doing so and it's leveraging Archon it's doing so and it's leveraging Archon it's doing so and it's leveraging Archon and this is beautiful. I want to ask and this is beautiful. I want to ask and this is beautiful. I want to ask again, wouldn't it be better idea to again, wouldn't it be better idea to again, wouldn't it be better idea to have ready-made boiler plates to start have ready-made boiler plates to start have ready-made boiler plates to start with and have the agent choose the best with and have the agent choose the best with and have the agent choose the best one that fulfills most requirements and one that fulfills most requirements and one that fulfills most requirements and build on that? Yes, definitely. And um build on that? Yes, definitely. And um build on that? Yes, definitely. And um yeah, that's one of the things that I yeah, that's one of the things that I yeah, that's one of the things that I was talking about earlier for one of my was talking about earlier for one of my was talking about earlier for one of my long-term visions for Archon. So, I I long-term visions for Archon. So, I I long-term visions for Archon. So, I I love talking about the long term for love talking about the long term for love talking about the long term for Archon because as exciting as it is what Archon because as exciting as it is what Archon because as exciting as it is what we have built right now, there's so many we have built right now, there's so many we have built right now, there's so many more things we have to make it like way more things we have to make it like way more things we have to make it like way better. And so, let me talk about that better. And so, let me talk about that better. And so, let me talk about that again. And this might be like a little again. And this might be like a little again. And this might be like a little bit of reiterating, but still it's it's bit of reiterating, but still it's it's bit of reiterating, but still it's it's it's really cool to talk about and just it's really cool to talk about and just it's really cool to talk about and just like get our brain juices flowing for like get our brain juices flowing for like get our brain juices flowing for what's what's possible with a tool like what's what's possible with a tool like what's what's possible with a tool like Archon. So, one of the things that we Archon. So, one of the things that we Archon. So, one of the things that we have in the Dynamis community have in the Dynamis community have in the Dynamis community is, and I've kind of been referencing is, and I've kind of been referencing is, and I've kind of been referencing this, but I haven't been showing it yet. this, but I haven't been showing it yet. this, but I haven't been showing it yet. We have the context engineering hub. So, We have the context engineering hub. So, We have the context engineering hub. So, this is private to the Dynamus this is private to the Dynamus this is private to the Dynamus community, but I definitely want to like community, but I definitely want to like community, but I definitely want to like share a lot of these resources um with share a lot of these resources um with share a lot of these resources um with all of like just to my YouTube channel all of like just to my YouTube channel all of like just to my YouTube channel as well. as well. as well. But one thing we're working on in But one thing we're working on in But one thing we're working on in Dynamis together Dynamis together Dynamis together is we're working on the context is we're working on the context is we're working on the context engineering hub. This is going to be engineering hub. This is going to be engineering hub. This is going to be basically a a gold mine of resources for basically a a gold mine of resources for basically a a gold mine of resources for PRP templates and slash commands and PRP templates and slash commands and PRP templates and slash commands and global rules and cloud hooks and sub global rules and cloud hooks and sub global rules and cloud hooks and sub aents that everyone is contributing aents that everyone is contributing aents that everyone is contributing together as a community. We started this together as a community. We started this together as a community. We started this like really recently actually. like really recently actually. like really recently actually. And so the goal with one of the goals And so the goal with one of the goals And so the goal with one of the goals with this is to eventually integrate it with this is to eventually integrate it with this is to eventually integrate it with archon with archon with archon where archon can look at this context where archon can look at this context where archon can look at this context engineering hub and it can say you would engineering hub and it can say you would engineering hub and it can say you would tell it like I want to build a nex.js JS tell it like I want to build a nex.js JS tell it like I want to build a nex.js JS application or I want to build a application or I want to build a application or I want to build a pideantic AI agent and archon will pideantic AI agent and archon will pideantic AI agent and archon will search through these different things search through these different things search through these different things just like it searches through knowledge just like it searches through knowledge just like it searches through knowledge with rag and it'll be like oh sweet here with rag and it'll be like oh sweet here with rag and it'll be like oh sweet here is the pyantic AI PRP template so you is the pyantic AI PRP template so you is the pyantic AI PRP template so you have a boilerplate like you said Ramy have a boilerplate like you said Ramy have a boilerplate like you said Ramy and like oh here are some slash commands and like oh here are some slash commands and like oh here are some slash commands uh in uh cloud hooks and sub aents that uh in uh cloud hooks and sub aents that uh in uh cloud hooks and sub aents that will work well to help you build out will work well to help you build out will work well to help you build out this agent and then oh here's the Python this agent and then oh here's the Python this agent and then oh here's the Python global rules like if we go to our global global rules like if we go to our global global rules like if we go to our global rules here and we're continue like we rules here and we're continue like we rules here and we're continue like we just started building this out so just started building this out so just started building this out so there's not a ton here yet, but we're there's not a ton here yet, but we're there's not a ton here yet, but we're working on a lot of resources here. Like working on a lot of resources here. Like working on a lot of resources here. Like here, here's Raasmus' global rules that here, here's Raasmus' global rules that here, here's Raasmus' global rules that he uses for all Python applications. And he uses for all Python applications. And he uses for all Python applications. And so Archon would pull this because you're so Archon would pull this because you're so Archon would pull this because you're building a Python Pantic AI agent and building a Python Pantic AI agent and building a Python Pantic AI agent and then it would go into your knowledge and then it would go into your knowledge and then it would go into your knowledge and be like, "Oh, you're building with be like, "Oh, you're building with be like, "Oh, you're building with Pyantic AI, so let me go ahead and and Pyantic AI, so let me go ahead and and Pyantic AI, so let me go ahead and and find the what I want to crawl for Pantic find the what I want to crawl for Pantic find the what I want to crawl for Pantic AI." And then I'll go ahead and crawl AI." And then I'll go ahead and crawl AI." And then I'll go ahead and crawl that and add that and then I'll make a that and add that and then I'll make a that and add that and then I'll make a new project for you in Archon. So you new project for you in Archon. So you new project for you in Archon. So you have like all this boiler plate set up have like all this boiler plate set up have like all this boiler plate set up for you to just like And by the way, for you to just like And by the way, for you to just like And by the way, look at how much it implemented already. look at how much it implemented already. look at how much it implemented already. We're already on task eight out of 20, We're already on task eight out of 20, We're already on task eight out of 20, which is pretty sweet. But yeah, anyway, which is pretty sweet. But yeah, anyway, which is pretty sweet. But yeah, anyway, like that that's like the the dream for like that that's like the the dream for like that that's like the the dream for Archon to make it so that it is the Archon to make it so that it is the Archon to make it so that it is the command center for all context command center for all context command center for all context engineering, just getting you started no engineering, just getting you started no engineering, just getting you started no matter the project that you have. And a matter the project that you have. And a matter the project that you have. And a lot of that does rely on us building out lot of that does rely on us building out lot of that does rely on us building out this context engineering hub. But this this context engineering hub. But this this context engineering hub. But this and Archon are like the two big things and Archon are like the two big things and Archon are like the two big things that we have going on in Dynamis. U that we have going on in Dynamis. U that we have going on in Dynamis. U maybe that like and the AI agent mastery maybe that like and the AI agent mastery maybe that like and the AI agent mastery course where I show how to build agents course where I show how to build agents course where I show how to build agents from start to finish. So, like I said, a from start to finish. So, like I said, a from start to finish. So, like I said, a lot of really exciting things going on lot of really exciting things going on lot of really exciting things going on in the community. So, if this sounds in the community. So, if this sounds in the community. So, if this sounds interesting to you, like if you want to interesting to you, like if you want to interesting to you, like if you want to dive in and contribute and even just dive in and contribute and even just dive in and contribute and even just leverage these resources and be a part leverage these resources and be a part leverage these resources and be a part of the long-term vision for Archon, of the long-term vision for Archon, of the long-term vision for Archon, dynamis.ai, that's the place to check dynamis.ai, that's the place to check dynamis.ai, that's the place to check out. So, I'm going to plug it again out. So, I'm going to plug it again out. So, I'm going to plug it again because it just relates so much to what because it just relates so much to what because it just relates so much to what we're talking about here. Um, and we're talking about here. Um, and we're talking about here. Um, and everything that we got going on. So, everything that we got going on. So, everything that we got going on. So, yeah, let me go back and see where we yeah, let me go back and see where we yeah, let me go back and see where we are at with Claude Code. are at with Claude Code. are at with Claude Code. Okay, so yeah, it's just chugging away Okay, so yeah, it's just chugging away Okay, so yeah, it's just chugging away like it's it's killing it. Nice job, like it's it's killing it. Nice job, like it's it's killing it. Nice job, Cloud Code. So, yeah. Okay. Um, our Cloud Code. So, yeah. Okay. Um, our Cloud Code. So, yeah. Okay. Um, our application is Wait, is it actually application is Wait, is it actually application is Wait, is it actually ready? Okay, I'm going to try this. I I ready? Okay, I'm going to try this. I I ready? Okay, I'm going to try this. I I doubt it's going to work first try doubt it's going to work first try doubt it's going to work first try because I cut a lot of corners to just because I cut a lot of corners to just because I cut a lot of corners to just like speed up things and show you guys like speed up things and show you guys like speed up things and show you guys the whole BMAD, but let's try this out the whole BMAD, but let's try this out the whole BMAD, but let's try this out actually. This would be so cool if we at actually. This would be so cool if we at actually. This would be so cool if we at least get some kind of visual here. least get some kind of visual here. least get some kind of visual here. Uh, let me make sure npm install. Let me Uh, let me make sure npm install. Let me Uh, let me make sure npm install. Let me make sure everything's installed first make sure everything's installed first make sure everything's installed first and then I'll try to run it. Okay. npm and then I'll try to run it. Okay. npm and then I'll try to run it. Okay. npm rundev. rundev. rundev. Um, okay. Um, okay. Um, okay. No errors. Oh, that'd be so cool. All No errors. Oh, that'd be so cool. All No errors. Oh, that'd be so cool. All right. Let me let me spin this up. Uh, okay. So, it looks really bad. Uh, okay. So, it looks really bad. Uh, okay. So, it looks really bad. It looks so bad. I guess maybe there's It looks so bad. I guess maybe there's It looks so bad. I guess maybe there's an there must there's probably a an there must there's probably a an there must there's probably a tailwind issue. Yeah, there's a tailwind issue. Okay. Yeah, there's a tailwind issue. Okay. Yeah, there's a tailwind issue. Okay. So, so the the uh CSS isn't working. So, so the the uh CSS isn't working. So, so the the uh CSS isn't working. It's probably a simple thing, but help me help me make a million dollars. help me help me make a million dollars. help me help me make a million dollars. Create instance. Create instance. Create instance. Okay, that's actually really cool. Um, okay, so we got another error. Okay, so okay, so we got another error. Okay, so okay, so we got another error. Okay, so we got a couple of errors, but like we got a couple of errors, but like we got a couple of errors, but like clearly it's like kind of there. Um, clearly it's like kind of there. Um, clearly it's like kind of there. Um, there's two things we'd have to fix. there's two things we'd have to fix. there's two things we'd have to fix. Okay, let's try to fix I'm actually Okay, let's try to fix I'm actually Okay, let's try to fix I'm actually let's try to fix these. So, I'm going to let's try to fix these. So, I'm going to let's try to fix these. So, I'm going to go back to my claw code and say I'm go back to my claw code and say I'm go back to my claw code and say I'm getting this error for Tailwind CSS. getting this error for Tailwind CSS. getting this error for Tailwind CSS. And then also uh when I start a claude And then also uh when I start a claude And then also uh when I start a claude instance, I get this error and it is instance, I get this error and it is instance, I get this error and it is stuck on what is it stuck on right now. stuck on what is it stuck on right now. stuck on what is it stuck on right now. So I'm just trying to be like kind of So I'm just trying to be like kind of So I'm just trying to be like kind of specific here. Usually when you're specific here. Usually when you're specific here. Usually when you're troubleshooting things with coding troubleshooting things with coding troubleshooting things with coding assistance, it's helpful to be like assistance, it's helpful to be like assistance, it's helpful to be like quite specific on like when the error is quite specific on like when the error is quite specific on like when the error is happening, what the error is. So it's happening, what the error is. So it's happening, what the error is. So it's stuck on processing prompt this error. stuck on processing prompt this error. stuck on processing prompt this error. I'm just typing this off camera really I'm just typing this off camera really I'm just typing this off camera really quick. So I'm going to copy this. Uh if quick. So I'm going to copy this. Uh if quick. So I'm going to copy this. Uh if I go to the issues that we're getting, I go to the issues that we're getting, I go to the issues that we're getting, uh there we go. If I look at the I uh there we go. If I look at the I uh there we go. If I look at the I forget how to Oh, yeah. Here we go. Um, forget how to Oh, yeah. Here we go. Um, forget how to Oh, yeah. Here we go. Um, I'll just copy the full call stack here. I'll just copy the full call stack here. I'll just copy the full call stack here. Okay, there we go. So, I'm sending it Okay, there we go. So, I'm sending it Okay, there we go. So, I'm sending it in. I accidentally pasted the call stack in. I accidentally pasted the call stack in. I accidentally pasted the call stack twice, but it's probably fine. But, twice, but it's probably fine. But, twice, but it's probably fine. But, yeah, let's just have it lock out these yeah, let's just have it lock out these yeah, let's just have it lock out these things and we'll see what we can get. things and we'll see what we can get. things and we'll see what we can get. So, I'll just be ready to run it again So, I'll just be ready to run it again So, I'll just be ready to run it again here. But, okay, that'd be so I mean, we here. But, okay, that'd be so I mean, we here. But, okay, that'd be so I mean, we got like kind of something. and it looks got like kind of something. and it looks got like kind of something. and it looks terrible, but um I there's no way I terrible, but um I there's no way I terrible, but um I there's no way I would expect to oneshot this application would expect to oneshot this application would expect to oneshot this application even if I spent a lot of time even if I spent a lot of time even if I spent a lot of time architecting and validating the PRP, architecting and validating the PRP, architecting and validating the PRP, which especially because I didn't like I which especially because I didn't like I which especially because I didn't like I definitely wasn't expecting it to be definitely wasn't expecting it to be definitely wasn't expecting it to be great out the gate, but I I feel like great out the gate, but I I feel like great out the gate, but I I feel like just just with like my intuition and just just with like my intuition and just just with like my intuition and experience with coding assistance and experience with coding assistance and experience with coding assistance and what I was looking at there, I don't and what I was looking at there, I don't and what I was looking at there, I don't and like how specific the errors were, I like how specific the errors were, I like how specific the errors were, I don't think we're that far from at least don't think we're that far from at least don't think we're that far from at least having something pretty cool. Um, okay. having something pretty cool. Um, okay. having something pretty cool. Um, okay. I'm gonna try something right now. I'm I'm gonna try something right now. I'm I'm gonna try something right now. I'm gonna try running the server even though gonna try running the server even though gonna try running the server even though it's in the middle of stuff, just it's in the middle of stuff, just it's in the middle of stuff, just because maybe it's to the point now because maybe it's to the point now because maybe it's to the point now where it's working. Um, oh, where it's working. Um, oh, where it's working. Um, oh, okay. It is. It's kind of It's getting okay. It is. It's kind of It's getting okay. It is. It's kind of It's getting there. This is cool. Okay, now we got a there. This is cool. Okay, now we got a there. This is cool. Okay, now we got a real UI. So, we fixed the we fixed the real UI. So, we fixed the we fixed the real UI. So, we fixed the we fixed the stupid Tailwind stuff for the most part. stupid Tailwind stuff for the most part. stupid Tailwind stuff for the most part. Um Oh, yeah. So, it's just running the Um Oh, yeah. So, it's just running the Um Oh, yeah. So, it's just running the the type checks at the end here. So, I the type checks at the end here. So, I the type checks at the end here. So, I think it is pretty much done. Okay. think it is pretty much done. Okay. think it is pretty much done. Okay. Well, Well, Well, yeah, 24-hour stream. Definitely not a yeah, 24-hour stream. Definitely not a yeah, 24-hour stream. Definitely not a 24-hour stream. Um, if you guys uh if 24-hour stream. Um, if you guys uh if 24-hour stream. Um, if you guys uh if you guys look on my live tab on my you guys look on my live tab on my you guys look on my live tab on my channel, I do have a 12-h hour stream channel, I do have a 12-h hour stream channel, I do have a 12-h hour stream from before I really started diving into from before I really started diving into from before I really started diving into YouTube. Um, I'll just leave that there YouTube. Um, I'll just leave that there YouTube. Um, I'll just leave that there and move on. But yeah. Okay. So, create and move on. But yeah. Okay. So, create and move on. But yeah. Okay. So, create a new instance. Code review assistant. a new instance. Code review assistant. a new instance. Code review assistant. Help me make a million dollars. All Help me make a million dollars. All Help me make a million dollars. All right. Create instance. right. Create instance. right. Create instance. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't see any logs I don't see any logs I don't see any logs and Okay. So 2% right before the auto and Okay. So 2% right before the auto and Okay. So 2% right before the auto compact we finished and it's um view compact we finished and it's um view compact we finished and it's um view terminal. Okay. So it doesn't look like terminal. Okay. So it doesn't look like terminal. Okay. So it doesn't look like it's working. So okay. So I don't know. I don't know So okay. So I don't know. I don't know So okay. So I don't know. I don't know if we're 80% of the way there. Like I if we're 80% of the way there. Like I if we're 80% of the way there. Like I said, it's the expectation that said, it's the expectation that said, it's the expectation that especially cuz I rush through some of especially cuz I rush through some of especially cuz I rush through some of the things that it's not going to be the things that it's not going to be the things that it's not going to be like perfect perfect, but like we've got like perfect perfect, but like we've got like perfect perfect, but like we've got something to start with and Vive coding something to start with and Vive coding something to start with and Vive coding is never going to get you 100% of the is never going to get you 100% of the is never going to get you 100% of the way there. And we definitely did like way there. And we definitely did like way there. And we definitely did like Archon helps with structured approach, Archon helps with structured approach, Archon helps with structured approach, context engineering, but what we did context engineering, but what we did context engineering, but what we did today rushing through things was more today rushing through things was more today rushing through things was more vibe coding than I'd want to do vibe coding than I'd want to do vibe coding than I'd want to do definitely. Um, but like I hope that definitely. Um, but like I hope that definitely. Um, but like I hope that like I explain things well enough like like I explain things well enough like like I explain things well enough like when you'd want to dive in deeper so when you'd want to dive in deeper so when you'd want to dive in deeper so that you understand how to not vibe code that you understand how to not vibe code that you understand how to not vibe code as well. So it's like let's go through as well. So it's like let's go through as well. So it's like let's go through things quick, but I'll speak to like things quick, but I'll speak to like things quick, but I'll speak to like when you'd want to slow down. I hope when you'd want to slow down. I hope when you'd want to slow down. I hope that makes sense. And so we definitely that makes sense. And so we definitely that makes sense. And so we definitely could be making this a lot better if we could be making this a lot better if we could be making this a lot better if we put more time into it. But yeah, I mean put more time into it. But yeah, I mean put more time into it. But yeah, I mean it's it's we've got something working it's it's we've got something working it's it's we've got something working here. All right. So yeah, I think I'm here. All right. So yeah, I think I'm here. All right. So yeah, I think I'm going to go ahead and wrap up the stream going to go ahead and wrap up the stream going to go ahead and wrap up the stream now. I've been talking for three hours now. I've been talking for three hours now. I've been talking for three hours straight and I think I'm going to take straight and I think I'm going to take straight and I think I'm going to take uh most of the day off and and get that uh most of the day off and and get that uh most of the day off and and get that recap uploaded tomorrow. And uh I'll um recap uploaded tomorrow. And uh I'll um recap uploaded tomorrow. And uh I'll um I'm going to be super active in Dynamis I'm going to be super active in Dynamis I'm going to be super active in Dynamis tomorrow as well and then going into tomorrow as well and then going into tomorrow as well and then going into next week. Well, I mean, I always am, next week. Well, I mean, I always am, next week. Well, I mean, I always am, but uh yeah, I know that I already heard but uh yeah, I know that I already heard but uh yeah, I know that I already heard from my wife that there's influx of from my wife that there's influx of from my wife that there's influx of people joining Dynamis, which I people joining Dynamis, which I people joining Dynamis, which I appreciate a lot, guys, because we're appreciate a lot, guys, because we're appreciate a lot, guys, because we're going to be doing some amazing things going to be doing some amazing things going to be doing some amazing things together. So, yeah. All right. Um I'm together. So, yeah. All right. Um I'm together. So, yeah. All right. Um I'm going to eat some lunch, too. Right. going to eat some lunch, too. Right. going to eat some lunch, too. Right. Yeah. I have not been drinking any Yeah. I have not been drinking any Yeah. I have not been drinking any water. I have I have my water here water. I have I have my water here water. I have I have my water here specifically so I could drink, specifically so I could drink, specifically so I could drink, but I I never remember to do that while but I I never remember to do that while but I I never remember to do that while I'm in a live stream. I always forget. I'm in a live stream. I always forget. I'm in a live stream. I always forget. There was one live stream uh a couple There was one live stream uh a couple There was one live stream uh a couple ago that I did. I actually gave myself ago that I did. I actually gave myself ago that I did. I actually gave myself co like I brought coffee to the live co like I brought coffee to the live co like I brought coffee to the live stream and I remember holding it up at stream and I remember holding it up at stream and I remember holding it up at the start of the of the live stream. I'm the start of the of the live stream. I'm the start of the of the live stream. I'm like here's my NHN mug. I got coffee cuz like here's my NHN mug. I got coffee cuz like here's my NHN mug. I got coffee cuz we got a a a chill casual live stream we got a a a chill casual live stream we got a a a chill casual live stream today and I'm going to be sipping my today and I'm going to be sipping my today and I'm going to be sipping my coffee and then I sipped it once the coffee and then I sipped it once the coffee and then I sipped it once the entire live stream cuz I totally forgot entire live stream cuz I totally forgot entire live stream cuz I totally forgot about it because I get so into it. Like about it because I get so into it. Like about it because I get so into it. Like you guys have no idea how much it takes you guys have no idea how much it takes you guys have no idea how much it takes like mental effort to be like watching like mental effort to be like watching like mental effort to be like watching the chat, watching my stream and like the chat, watching my stream and like the chat, watching my stream and like kind of checking on viewership and then kind of checking on viewership and then kind of checking on viewership and then like diving into Claude Code or whatever like diving into Claude Code or whatever like diving into Claude Code or whatever and and like it's a lot but it's really and and like it's a lot but it's really and and like it's a lot but it's really fun. Like it's so worth it. So yeah, fun. Like it's so worth it. So yeah, fun. Like it's so worth it. So yeah, thank you everyone for being here and thank you everyone for being here and thank you everyone for being here and being a part of Archon. Um as you can being a part of Archon. Um as you can being a part of Archon. Um as you can see like not perfect right now, but it's see like not perfect right now, but it's see like not perfect right now, but it's freaking awesome and there's so much freaking awesome and there's so much freaking awesome and there's so much more that we got coming really soon for more that we got coming really soon for more that we got coming really soon for it and a really amazing long-term it and a really amazing long-term it and a really amazing long-term vision. So yeah, definitely check out vision. So yeah, definitely check out vision. So yeah, definitely check out Dynamus if you guys want to be a really Dynamus if you guys want to be a really Dynamus if you guys want to be a really big part of it. Um, but also like it's big part of it. Um, but also like it's big part of it. Um, but also like it's totally public open source project and totally public open source project and totally public open source project and we got a public community as well. So we got a public community as well. So we got a public community as well. So yeah, options either way for you guys. yeah, options either way for you guys. yeah, options either way for you guys. But yeah, big things coming for Archon But yeah, big things coming for Archon But yeah, big things coming for Archon short and long term. So thank you short and long term. So thank you short and long term. So thank you everyone for being here and following everyone for being here and following everyone for being here and following along and your questions and comments. along and your questions and comments. along and your questions and comments. Hope that you guys have a great rest of Hope that you guys have a great rest of Hope that you guys have a great rest of your weekend. And with that, I will see your weekend. And with that, I will see your weekend. And with that, I will see you guys in the next
