Title: Can This FIX Context Loss in RAG？
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

How exactly do I chunk my data? That's How exactly do I chunk my data? That's How exactly do I chunk my data? That's the first question that comes to mind the first question that comes to mind the first question that comes to mind when you're building a rack system. when you're building a rack system. when you're building a rack system. Unfortunately, irrespective of how you Unfortunately, irrespective of how you Unfortunately, irrespective of how you go about it, you're going to run into go about it, you're going to run into go about it, you're going to run into issues. You're going to lose either issues. You're going to lose either issues. You're going to lose either global or local context. That's why global or local context. That's why global or local context. That's why today we're going to be talking about today we're going to be talking about today we're going to be talking about contextualized chunk embeddings. Now, contextualized chunk embeddings. Now, contextualized chunk embeddings. Now, before understanding this, let's look at before understanding this, let's look at before understanding this, let's look at a standard rack system. So you have your a standard rack system. So you have your a standard rack system. So you have your document, you divide it into smaller document, you divide it into smaller document, you divide it into smaller chunks and normally feed those through a chunks and normally feed those through a chunks and normally feed those through a dense embedding model. Sometimes people dense embedding model. Sometimes people dense embedding model. Sometimes people also add full text search and then they also add full text search and then they also add full text search and then they do retrieval on top of that. The problem do retrieval on top of that. The problem do retrieval on top of that. The problem is that every chunk that you create is that every chunk that you create is that every chunk that you create lives in isolation and it doesn't have lives in isolation and it doesn't have lives in isolation and it doesn't have any context of its surrounding chunks or any context of its surrounding chunks or any context of its surrounding chunks or the global document. So there are a the global document. So there are a the global document. So there are a number of different approaches in order number of different approaches in order number of different approaches in order to add context. to add context. to add context. One of the most famous one is One of the most famous one is One of the most famous one is contextualized contextualized contextualized retrieval prep-processing. retrieval prep-processing. retrieval prep-processing. This is an approach proposed by This is an approach proposed by This is an approach proposed by Enthropic late last year. And the idea Enthropic late last year. And the idea Enthropic late last year. And the idea is very simple. You take a chunk, you is very simple. You take a chunk, you is very simple. You take a chunk, you feed that chunk along with the whole feed that chunk along with the whole feed that chunk along with the whole document or surrounding chunks to an LLM document or surrounding chunks to an LLM document or surrounding chunks to an LLM and you ask the LLM to create context and you ask the LLM to create context and you ask the LLM to create context around it and then you add that context around it and then you add that context around it and then you add that context to the chunk. The rest of the embedding to the chunk. The rest of the embedding to the chunk. The rest of the embedding process and full text search index is process and full text search index is process and full text search index is exactly the same and at retrie time you exactly the same and at retrie time you exactly the same and at retrie time you just retrieve those contextualized just retrieve those contextualized just retrieve those contextualized chunks. Now the problem is for every chunks. Now the problem is for every chunks. Now the problem is for every chunk you're going to be sending the chunk you're going to be sending the chunk you're going to be sending the chunk plus the document or the chunk plus the document or the chunk plus the document or the surrounding context to an LLM. So for surrounding context to an LLM. So for surrounding context to an LLM. So for larger documents this is going to be larger documents this is going to be larger documents this is going to be extremely expensive because of the LLM extremely expensive because of the LLM extremely expensive because of the LLM calls that you're going to be making. So calls that you're going to be making. So calls that you're going to be making. So it's not really feasible. Now another it's not really feasible. Now another it's not really feasible. Now another approach is to do the same thing at approach is to do the same thing at approach is to do the same thing at embedding level because embeddings are embedding level because embeddings are embedding level because embeddings are usually a lot cheaper. One such approach usually a lot cheaper. One such approach usually a lot cheaper. One such approach is late chunking. The idea is that you is late chunking. The idea is that you is late chunking. The idea is that you use an embedding model that has long use an embedding model that has long use an embedding model that has long context. So now we have embedding models context. So now we have embedding models context. So now we have embedding models up to 8,000 or even in some cases 32,000 up to 8,000 or even in some cases 32,000 up to 8,000 or even in some cases 32,000 tokens. So you take your whole long tokens. So you take your whole long tokens. So you take your whole long document, you feed it to an embedding document, you feed it to an embedding document, you feed it to an embedding model. The embedding model is going to model. The embedding model is going to model. The embedding model is going to generate token level embedding which is generate token level embedding which is generate token level embedding which is different than a document level different than a document level different than a document level embedding in dense embedding models. But embedding in dense embedding models. But embedding in dense embedding models. But then you combine those tokens together then you combine those tokens together then you combine those tokens together to create text chunks and also do a to create text chunks and also do a to create text chunks and also do a pooling operation on the token level pooling operation on the token level pooling operation on the token level embeddings that will give you chunk embeddings that will give you chunk embeddings that will give you chunk level embeddings. Now this approach in level embeddings. Now this approach in level embeddings. Now this approach in theory can preserve both the local and theory can preserve both the local and theory can preserve both the local and global context because the embedding global context because the embedding global context because the embedding actually happen at the document level actually happen at the document level actually happen at the document level and since the chunking happens at the and since the chunking happens at the and since the chunking happens at the end of the process that's why they named end of the process that's why they named end of the process that's why they named it late chunking. Okay. So where does it late chunking. Okay. So where does it late chunking. Okay. So where does this contextualized chunking comes into this contextualized chunking comes into this contextualized chunking comes into play? Now we're going to look at that play? Now we're going to look at that play? Now we're going to look at that but first let's understand how exactly but first let's understand how exactly but first let's understand how exactly the similarity computation works and the similarity computation works and the similarity computation works and what are the drawbacks of different what are the drawbacks of different what are the drawbacks of different approaches. So the first one is no approaches. So the first one is no approaches. So the first one is no interaction. This happens in most of the interaction. This happens in most of the interaction. This happens in most of the cases if you're doing a dense embedding cases if you're doing a dense embedding cases if you're doing a dense embedding based retrieval. In this case you take a based retrieval. In this case you take a based retrieval. In this case you take a document or a chunk you compute document or a chunk you compute document or a chunk you compute embeddings independently. You take user embeddings independently. You take user embeddings independently. You take user query, compute embeddings and then query, compute embeddings and then query, compute embeddings and then whatever the embedding vectors are, you whatever the embedding vectors are, you whatever the embedding vectors are, you just compute some sort of similarity just compute some sort of similarity just compute some sort of similarity matrix. Usually people compute cosine matrix. Usually people compute cosine matrix. Usually people compute cosine similarity. The embedding model hasn't similarity. The embedding model hasn't similarity. The embedding model hasn't seen the document and the query seen the document and the query seen the document and the query together. So essentially you are looking together. So essentially you are looking together. So essentially you are looking at absolutely no interaction and just at absolutely no interaction and just at absolutely no interaction and just trying to find out the similarity based trying to find out the similarity based trying to find out the similarity based on the final vector that you get. on the final vector that you get. on the final vector that you get. Normally this results in bad retrieval. Normally this results in bad retrieval. Normally this results in bad retrieval. Now another approach is to do full Now another approach is to do full Now another approach is to do full interaction. In this case what you do is interaction. In this case what you do is interaction. In this case what you do is you have your chunks and your query fed you have your chunks and your query fed you have your chunks and your query fed into the same model simultaneously into the same model simultaneously into the same model simultaneously and you say how close this query is to and you say how close this query is to and you say how close this query is to this document. This is full interaction this document. This is full interaction this document. This is full interaction which is usually a lot more accurate and which is usually a lot more accurate and which is usually a lot more accurate and it's a basis of something called cross it's a basis of something called cross it's a basis of something called cross encoder. However, this is very comput encoder. However, this is very comput encoder. However, this is very comput inensive and people usually don't do inensive and people usually don't do inensive and people usually don't do this on the corpus level. That's why this on the corpus level. That's why this on the corpus level. That's why it's usually used as a secondary step in it's usually used as a secondary step in it's usually used as a secondary step in a reranker which is a lot more accurate a reranker which is a lot more accurate a reranker which is a lot more accurate and is going to give you much more finer and is going to give you much more finer and is going to give you much more finer grain results compared to a buy encoder grain results compared to a buy encoder grain results compared to a buy encoder that you use for the initial retrieval. that you use for the initial retrieval. that you use for the initial retrieval. Now there is something in between. This Now there is something in between. This Now there is something in between. This is called latent interaction. The idea is called latent interaction. The idea is called latent interaction. The idea here is that when you compute embeddings here is that when you compute embeddings here is that when you compute embeddings for the document and for the query for the document and for the query for the document and for the query independently, rather than getting a independently, rather than getting a independently, rather than getting a fixed size vector that you usually get fixed size vector that you usually get fixed size vector that you usually get as a result of uh a dense embedding as a result of uh a dense embedding as a result of uh a dense embedding vector, you compute embeddings at token vector, you compute embeddings at token vector, you compute embeddings at token level very similar to what I was showing level very similar to what I was showing level very similar to what I was showing you in the case of late chunking and you in the case of late chunking and you in the case of late chunking and then you compute similarity at the token then you compute similarity at the token then you compute similarity at the token level rather than a whole vector level. level rather than a whole vector level. level rather than a whole vector level. Usually people use BERT models for the Usually people use BERT models for the Usually people use BERT models for the initial token level embeddings and then initial token level embeddings and then initial token level embeddings and then some sort of similarity metrics at some sort of similarity metrics at some sort of similarity metrics at retrieval time. Colbert is a perfect retrieval time. Colbert is a perfect retrieval time. Colbert is a perfect example of this. Now this means that example of this. Now this means that example of this. Now this means that depending on how many tokens are in your depending on how many tokens are in your depending on how many tokens are in your document plus your query, you are going document plus your query, you are going document plus your query, you are going to get a multi vector representation to get a multi vector representation to get a multi vector representation instead of a single vector instead of a single vector instead of a single vector representation that you get as a result representation that you get as a result representation that you get as a result of a dense model. And in practice, this of a dense model. And in practice, this of a dense model. And in practice, this usually results in much better retrieval usually results in much better retrieval usually results in much better retrieval because you have much more fine grained because you have much more fine grained because you have much more fine grained embedding models now. But this also embedding models now. But this also embedding models now. But this also means you're going to need a lot more means you're going to need a lot more means you're going to need a lot more storage plus a lot more compute in order storage plus a lot more compute in order storage plus a lot more compute in order to compute these multiv vector to compute these multiv vector to compute these multiv vector representations. Okay. So I hope this representations. Okay. So I hope this representations. Okay. So I hope this gives you a very good idea of different gives you a very good idea of different gives you a very good idea of different mechanisms that you can use for mechanisms that you can use for mechanisms that you can use for retrieval. This brings us back to retrieval. This brings us back to retrieval. This brings us back to contextualized chunk embeddings. I'm contextualized chunk embeddings. I'm contextualized chunk embeddings. I'm going to show you a code implementation going to show you a code implementation going to show you a code implementation that you can run on your own data. But that you can run on your own data. But that you can run on your own data. But let's try to understand what exactly let's try to understand what exactly let's try to understand what exactly this is. Now in contextualized chunk this is. Now in contextualized chunk this is. Now in contextualized chunk embeddings, you take your whole embeddings, you take your whole embeddings, you take your whole document. You compute chunks based on document. You compute chunks based on document. You compute chunks based on whatever chunking strategy that you want whatever chunking strategy that you want whatever chunking strategy that you want to use and in the next step you pass to use and in the next step you pass to use and in the next step you pass this through a contextualized chunk this through a contextualized chunk this through a contextualized chunk embedding model. In this case, the embedding model. In this case, the embedding model. In this case, the embedding model is looking at every embedding model is looking at every embedding model is looking at every chunk along with the original document chunk along with the original document chunk along with the original document from where these chunks are coming from from where these chunks are coming from from where these chunks are coming from and it's going to be adding a lot of and it's going to be adding a lot of and it's going to be adding a lot of global and local context through each global and local context through each global and local context through each chunk embedding. So here is how it looks chunk embedding. So here is how it looks chunk embedding. So here is how it looks like at query time. You have your user like at query time. You have your user like at query time. You have your user query. You do a chunk level retrieval. query. You do a chunk level retrieval. query. You do a chunk level retrieval. So you get a chunk but with every chunk So you get a chunk but with every chunk So you get a chunk but with every chunk you have the associated contextual you have the associated contextual you have the associated contextual information both on local level as well information both on local level as well information both on local level as well as on global level. So you can actually as on global level. So you can actually as on global level. So you can actually look at which document this chunk is look at which document this chunk is look at which document this chunk is coming from along with what are the most coming from along with what are the most coming from along with what are the most related chunks in that specific related chunks in that specific related chunks in that specific document. Now how is this different from document. Now how is this different from document. Now how is this different from late interaction or late chunking? In late interaction or late chunking? In late interaction or late chunking? In late chunking, we compute embeddings on late chunking, we compute embeddings on late chunking, we compute embeddings on document level and then we create document level and then we create document level and then we create vectors based on chunk levels. In this vectors based on chunk levels. In this vectors based on chunk levels. In this case, we initially divide each document case, we initially divide each document case, we initially divide each document into chunks and then computings while into chunks and then computings while into chunks and then computings while preserving the global information. A preserving the global information. A preserving the global information. A quick word from our sponsor today, quick word from our sponsor today, quick word from our sponsor today, emergent. It's a new web coding platform emergent. It's a new web coding platform emergent. It's a new web coding platform that turns plain English text prompts that turns plain English text prompts that turns plain English text prompts into working full stack web apps. Type into working full stack web apps. Type into working full stack web apps. Type what you want and emergent generates the what you want and emergent generates the what you want and emergent generates the front end and back end together. If you front end and back end together. If you front end and back end together. If you need Google signin, Google need Google signin, Google need Google signin, Google authentication is just oneclick ad. If authentication is just oneclick ad. If authentication is just oneclick ad. If you want AI features and don't want to you want AI features and don't want to you want AI features and don't want to worry about the API keys, Immersion has worry about the API keys, Immersion has worry about the API keys, Immersion has its own internal API keys. Here is a its own internal API keys. Here is a its own internal API keys. Here is a quick YouTube style clone and a textto quick YouTube style clone and a textto quick YouTube style clone and a textto image app from a single prompt. image app from a single prompt. image app from a single prompt. Immersion pulls all the relevant API Immersion pulls all the relevant API Immersion pulls all the relevant API endpoints, builds the app, and even run endpoints, builds the app, and even run endpoints, builds the app, and even run integration tests with the AI coding integration tests with the AI coding integration tests with the AI coding agent so you can ship with confidence. agent so you can ship with confidence. agent so you can ship with confidence. So if you have an idea, emergent makes So if you have an idea, emergent makes So if you have an idea, emergent makes it fast to go from prompt to working web it fast to go from prompt to working web it fast to go from prompt to working web apps. Check out emergent link is going apps. Check out emergent link is going apps. Check out emergent link is going to be in the video description. Now back to be in the video description. Now back to be in the video description. Now back to the video. Okay, so here's how the to the video. Okay, so here's how the to the video. Okay, so here's how the comparison looks like. Now keep in mind comparison looks like. Now keep in mind comparison looks like. Now keep in mind this is based on their marketing this is based on their marketing this is based on their marketing material. So take it with a grain of material. So take it with a grain of material. So take it with a grain of salt. So they're comparing it with salt. So they're comparing it with salt. So they're comparing it with something like dense embeddings from something like dense embeddings from something like dense embeddings from OpenAI or any other embeddings which OpenAI or any other embeddings which OpenAI or any other embeddings which have no context preservation. Then you have no context preservation. Then you have no context preservation. Then you have metadata augmentation. You add have metadata augmentation. You add have metadata augmentation. You add summaries or contextual retrieval which summaries or contextual retrieval which summaries or contextual retrieval which have partial contextual information. Now have partial contextual information. Now have partial contextual information. Now in case of the contextualized chunk in case of the contextualized chunk in case of the contextualized chunk embeddings, you're not using an LLM. embeddings, you're not using an LLM. embeddings, you're not using an LLM. You're using an embedding model which is You're using an embedding model which is You're using an embedding model which is usually a lot cheaper. But because of usually a lot cheaper. But because of usually a lot cheaper. But because of the nature of how this uh embedding the nature of how this uh embedding the nature of how this uh embedding model is trained, you are going to model is trained, you are going to model is trained, you are going to preserve a lot more context. And usually preserve a lot more context. And usually preserve a lot more context. And usually uh since you get a fixed-sized embedding uh since you get a fixed-sized embedding uh since you get a fixed-sized embedding model at the output, the complexity of model at the output, the complexity of model at the output, the complexity of integration is going to be very similar integration is going to be very similar integration is going to be very similar to just replacing it with a a dense to just replacing it with a a dense to just replacing it with a a dense embedding model, right? And according to embedding model, right? And according to embedding model, right? And according to them, this gets you the highest them, this gets you the highest them, this gets you the highest retrieval accuracy. We're going to look retrieval accuracy. We're going to look retrieval accuracy. We're going to look at a code example later in the video, at a code example later in the video, at a code example later in the video, but I'm going to show you just some but I'm going to show you just some but I'm going to show you just some quick benchmarks. So, they did some quick benchmarks. So, they did some quick benchmarks. So, they did some benchmarks on different types of data benchmarks on different types of data benchmarks on different types of data sets. Now, Voyage sets. Now, Voyage sets. Now, Voyage is a very good company. I think now it's is a very good company. I think now it's is a very good company. I think now it's part of MongoDB, but they have been part of MongoDB, but they have been part of MongoDB, but they have been training some very interesting embedding training some very interesting embedding training some very interesting embedding models. It's not open source. you have models. It's not open source. you have models. It's not open source. you have to pay similar to OpenAI but their to pay similar to OpenAI but their to pay similar to OpenAI but their embedding models are being used by embedding models are being used by embedding models are being used by companies like Harway and some code companies like Harway and some code companies like Harway and some code specific models as well. So you can see specific models as well. So you can see specific models as well. So you can see that they have been benchmarking the that they have been benchmarking the that they have been benchmarking the embedding models on different niches and embedding models on different niches and embedding models on different niches and seems to have state-of-the-art accuracy. seems to have state-of-the-art accuracy. seems to have state-of-the-art accuracy. This is on chunk level. Here is the same This is on chunk level. Here is the same This is on chunk level. Here is the same performance on document level. Seems performance on document level. Seems performance on document level. Seems like it's outperforming all the other like it's outperforming all the other like it's outperforming all the other embedding models on these data sets. embedding models on these data sets. embedding models on these data sets. Okay. But a very interesting observation Okay. But a very interesting observation Okay. But a very interesting observation when I was looking at some of their when I was looking at some of their when I was looking at some of their data. So if you look at increasing chunk data. So if you look at increasing chunk data. So if you look at increasing chunk size in terms of number of tokens, a size in terms of number of tokens, a size in terms of number of tokens, a normal dense embedding models will normal dense embedding models will normal dense embedding models will usually have better retrieval accuracy. usually have better retrieval accuracy. usually have better retrieval accuracy. So they have voyage 3 large. This is So they have voyage 3 large. This is So they have voyage 3 large. This is their dense embedding model. You can see their dense embedding model. You can see their dense embedding model. You can see the retrieval accuracy increases as you the retrieval accuracy increases as you the retrieval accuracy increases as you increase the chunk size. But for the increase the chunk size. But for the increase the chunk size. But for the voyage context 3 model, interestingly voyage context 3 model, interestingly voyage context 3 model, interestingly the retrieval accuracy actually drops as the retrieval accuracy actually drops as the retrieval accuracy actually drops as you increase the number of tokens in the you increase the number of tokens in the you increase the number of tokens in the chunk. So in this case you want to keep chunk. So in this case you want to keep chunk. So in this case you want to keep the chunks to smaller size. Now the only the chunks to smaller size. Now the only the chunks to smaller size. Now the only problem is going to be if you keep the problem is going to be if you keep the problem is going to be if you keep the chunks too small again you're going to chunks too small again you're going to chunks too small again you're going to run into storage issues. So you'll have run into storage issues. So you'll have run into storage issues. So you'll have to find a balance. But the good thing is to find a balance. But the good thing is to find a balance. But the good thing is that it also supports quantization of that it also supports quantization of that it also supports quantization of these embedding models. Right? So here these embedding models. Right? So here these embedding models. Right? So here are the accuracies or quality based on are the accuracies or quality based on are the accuracies or quality based on different quantization level. You can different quantization level. You can different quantization level. You can use binary quantization which is going use binary quantization which is going use binary quantization which is going to save you a lot of money. 4 bit and to save you a lot of money. 4 bit and to save you a lot of money. 4 bit and then that's 16 bit. Right? So if you then that's 16 bit. Right? So if you then that's 16 bit. Right? So if you look at the quantization even if you use look at the quantization even if you use look at the quantization even if you use binary quantization at 2048 vector size binary quantization at 2048 vector size binary quantization at 2048 vector size it gives you very close retrieval it gives you very close retrieval it gives you very close retrieval accuracy to using the full size. I would accuracy to using the full size. I would accuracy to using the full size. I would say there is probably around 2 or 3% say there is probably around 2 or 3% say there is probably around 2 or 3% drop right but this uses dynamic size. drop right but this uses dynamic size. drop right but this uses dynamic size. So there are multiple different So there are multiple different So there are multiple different embedding size that you can use. Before embedding size that you can use. Before embedding size that you can use. Before showing you a code example let me walk showing you a code example let me walk showing you a code example let me walk you through the pricing. So this is you through the pricing. So this is you through the pricing. So this is around 18 cents per million token. The around 18 cents per million token. The around 18 cents per million token. The first 200 million tokens are free. As a first 200 million tokens are free. As a first 200 million tokens are free. As a comparison, here is the Gemini embedding comparison, here is the Gemini embedding comparison, here is the Gemini embedding 001. This is their latest multimodel 001. This is their latest multimodel 001. This is their latest multimodel embedding which is about 15 cents per embedding which is about 15 cents per embedding which is about 15 cents per million token. Okay, so let me walk you million token. Okay, so let me walk you million token. Okay, so let me walk you through a quick example and then I'll through a quick example and then I'll through a quick example and then I'll show you a code that you can run on your show you a code that you can run on your show you a code that you can run on your own machine. So let's say here are eight own machine. So let's say here are eight own machine. So let's say here are eight different chunks. In this case, we're different chunks. In this case, we're different chunks. In this case, we're using chunk level or sentence level using chunk level or sentence level using chunk level or sentence level chunking, right? So, you can see that chunking, right? So, you can see that chunking, right? So, you can see that these talks about different quarterly these talks about different quarterly these talks about different quarterly earnings for different companies. Now, earnings for different companies. Now, earnings for different companies. Now, let's say our prompt is what was the let's say our prompt is what was the let's say our prompt is what was the revenue growth for Leafy Inc. in Q2 revenue growth for Leafy Inc. in Q2 revenue growth for Leafy Inc. in Q2 2024. So, if you look here, the first 2024. So, if you look here, the first 2024. So, if you look here, the first chunk is this is the SEC filing on Leafy chunk is this is the SEC filing on Leafy chunk is this is the SEC filing on Leafy Inc. Q2 2024. The second chunk says the Inc. Q2 2024. The second chunk says the Inc. Q2 2024. The second chunk says the company's revenue increased by 15% company's revenue increased by 15% company's revenue increased by 15% compared to the previous quarters. compared to the previous quarters. compared to the previous quarters. Right? Now in the same document you can Right? Now in the same document you can Right? Now in the same document you can see a very similar situation. The first see a very similar situation. The first see a very similar situation. The first chunk talks about a company. The second chunk talks about a company. The second chunk talks about a company. The second chunk talks about a revenue increase or chunk talks about a revenue increase or chunk talks about a revenue increase or decrease for the same year. But the decrease for the same year. But the decrease for the same year. But the second chunk does not have the company second chunk does not have the company second chunk does not have the company information neither which quarter or information neither which quarter or information neither which quarter or year it's talking about. So if you were year it's talking about. So if you were year it's talking about. So if you were to do re-ranking based on y3 large since to do re-ranking based on y3 large since to do re-ranking based on y3 large since the question is talking about leafy ink the question is talking about leafy ink the question is talking about leafy ink the normal dense embedding model the normal dense embedding model the normal dense embedding model basically picks this as the first chunk basically picks this as the first chunk basically picks this as the first chunk now it does have information about Q2 now it does have information about Q2 now it does have information about Q2 2024 but it doesn't have any information 2024 but it doesn't have any information 2024 but it doesn't have any information about the actual revenue of the company about the actual revenue of the company about the actual revenue of the company the second chunk which is actually the second chunk which is actually the second chunk which is actually ranked eighth in this case does not ranked eighth in this case does not ranked eighth in this case does not specifically mention the company by name specifically mention the company by name specifically mention the company by name when you use the context 3 embeddings when you use the context 3 embeddings when you use the context 3 embeddings since it preserve both the global and since it preserve both the global and since it preserve both the global and local context so it knows which company local context so it knows which company local context so it knows which company this specific chunk is talking about. this specific chunk is talking about. this specific chunk is talking about. Now this is an example from their Now this is an example from their Now this is an example from their documentation. So I'm going to walk you documentation. So I'm going to walk you documentation. So I'm going to walk you through a real example of my own through a real example of my own through a real example of my own testing. So let's have a look at the testing. So let's have a look at the testing. So let's have a look at the notebook now. Okay. So here's the notebook now. Okay. So here's the notebook now. Okay. So here's the documentation where they talk about documentation where they talk about documentation where they talk about contextualized chunk embeddings. Okay, contextualized chunk embeddings. Okay, contextualized chunk embeddings. Okay, but you need to sign up and initially but you need to sign up and initially but you need to sign up and initially also connect your credit card in order also connect your credit card in order also connect your credit card in order to use the embedding models. But the to use the embedding models. But the to use the embedding models. But the first 200 first 200 first 200 million tokens are free and I think you million tokens are free and I think you million tokens are free and I think you need to add only $5 to your account. need to add only $5 to your account. need to add only $5 to your account. Okay, so here's how the structure of Okay, so here's how the structure of Okay, so here's how the structure of your documents is going to look like. your documents is going to look like. your documents is going to look like. you are going to divide your document you are going to divide your document you are going to divide your document into smaller chunks and then just pass into smaller chunks and then just pass into smaller chunks and then just pass on a list of lists with the chunk ids. on a list of lists with the chunk ids. on a list of lists with the chunk ids. Okay, so this Google collab notebook is Okay, so this Google collab notebook is Okay, so this Google collab notebook is going to be available. The first thing I going to be available. The first thing I going to be available. The first thing I did here was create a custom class for did here was create a custom class for did here was create a custom class for chunking my documents. I am doing chunking my documents. I am doing chunking my documents. I am doing sentence level chunking. Depending on sentence level chunking. Depending on sentence level chunking. Depending on the structure of your document, do it the structure of your document, do it the structure of your document, do it either on paragraph level or maybe either on paragraph level or maybe either on paragraph level or maybe section by section. So then we take section by section. So then we take section by section. So then we take every document that is going to be every document that is going to be every document that is going to be coming in. We create chunks which is coming in. We create chunks which is coming in. We create chunks which is basically isolating each sentence and basically isolating each sentence and basically isolating each sentence and then we are going to create this object then we are going to create this object then we are going to create this object where I'm keeping track of the document where I'm keeping track of the document where I'm keeping track of the document title and essentially some other title and essentially some other title and essentially some other metadata including what was the location metadata including what was the location metadata including what was the location of every chunk or every sentence in the of every chunk or every sentence in the of every chunk or every sentence in the document. So at the end of the day when document. So at the end of the day when document. So at the end of the day when we do the chunking we create a list of we do the chunking we create a list of we do the chunking we create a list of lists that is going to contain all the lists that is going to contain all the lists that is going to contain all the chunks. I am using 1024 probably an chunks. I am using 1024 probably an chunks. I am using 1024 probably an overkill in this case since the document overkill in this case since the document overkill in this case since the document size is going to be much lower. So play size is going to be much lower. So play size is going to be much lower. So play around with this parameter but we just around with this parameter but we just around with this parameter but we just provide our input documents. Now in the provide our input documents. Now in the provide our input documents. Now in the other case I'm also computing the other case I'm also computing the other case I'm also computing the standard embeddings and I just wanted standard embeddings and I just wanted standard embeddings and I just wanted you to see what type of results I will you to see what type of results I will you to see what type of results I will get when I use the standard dense get when I use the standard dense get when I use the standard dense embedding versus the contextualized embedding versus the contextualized embedding versus the contextualized embeddings and at runtime we do search embeddings and at runtime we do search embeddings and at runtime we do search on both of those. Now let me show you on both of those. Now let me show you on both of those. Now let me show you the actual documents that are going into the actual documents that are going into the actual documents that are going into the into the embedding model. So here is the into the embedding model. So here is the into the embedding model. So here is a document about AWS S3 technical a document about AWS S3 technical a document about AWS S3 technical documentation. It specifically talks documentation. It specifically talks documentation. It specifically talks about AWS. What are the storage classes? about AWS. What are the storage classes? about AWS. What are the storage classes? What type of encryption we use? What are What type of encryption we use? What are What type of encryption we use? What are the different access controls? Then the different access controls? Then the different access controls? Then here's another document that I created. here's another document that I created. here's another document that I created. It talks about similar setup for Azure. It talks about similar setup for Azure. It talks about similar setup for Azure. And then there is a compliance And then there is a compliance And then there is a compliance requirement document for FinTech, right? requirement document for FinTech, right? requirement document for FinTech, right? So, three different documents. Two of So, three different documents. Two of So, three different documents. Two of these have very similar information. And these have very similar information. And these have very similar information. And here are some of my queries. What here are some of my queries. What here are some of my queries. What encryption does AWS use for SSE KMS? In encryption does AWS use for SSE KMS? In encryption does AWS use for SSE KMS? In this case, the actual information this case, the actual information this case, the actual information appears without AWS, right? So, what I appears without AWS, right? So, what I appears without AWS, right? So, what I did was I ran the same I think five six did was I ran the same I think five six did was I ran the same I think five six queries through both of the embedding queries through both of the embedding queries through both of the embedding models and just did retrieval on top of models and just did retrieval on top of models and just did retrieval on top of both of those. Okay. So, I'm not going both of those. Okay. So, I'm not going both of those. Okay. So, I'm not going to bore you a lot with the internal to bore you a lot with the internal to bore you a lot with the internal mechanism, but for each one of them, I mechanism, but for each one of them, I mechanism, but for each one of them, I am retrieving the top three documents. am retrieving the top three documents. am retrieving the top three documents. For example, what encryption does AWS For example, what encryption does AWS For example, what encryption does AWS use for SSE KMS? So you can see that use for SSE KMS? So you can see that use for SSE KMS? So you can see that both of them actually identified the both of them actually identified the both of them actually identified the correct chunk in this case. Now the correct chunk in this case. Now the correct chunk in this case. Now the second chunk is also coming from AWS. second chunk is also coming from AWS. second chunk is also coming from AWS. Yeah, I think both of these models does Yeah, I think both of these models does Yeah, I think both of these models does a pretty good job at retrieving the a pretty good job at retrieving the a pretty good job at retrieving the relevant chunk at the top of the relevant chunk at the top of the relevant chunk at the top of the retrieve documents. Same is the case for retrieve documents. Same is the case for retrieve documents. Same is the case for the other part as well. it does return the other part as well. it does return the other part as well. it does return the correct information in terms of the the correct information in terms of the the correct information in terms of the retrieve document. Now the third one is retrieve document. Now the third one is retrieve document. Now the third one is what are the storage costs for archived what are the storage costs for archived what are the storage costs for archived tier. So in this case the contextualized tier. So in this case the contextualized tier. So in this case the contextualized chunk embedding actually retrieved the chunk embedding actually retrieved the chunk embedding actually retrieved the most relevant chunk at the top and the most relevant chunk at the top and the most relevant chunk at the top and the standard embedding model I think doesn't standard embedding model I think doesn't standard embedding model I think doesn't even retrieve that specific chunk at even retrieve that specific chunk at even retrieve that specific chunk at all. Now here's another one. What is the all. Now here's another one. What is the all. Now here's another one. What is the data retention policy for audit logs? data retention policy for audit logs? data retention policy for audit logs? Now the first two chunks are relevant. Now the first two chunks are relevant. Now the first two chunks are relevant. The second chunks are also relevant. In The second chunks are also relevant. In The second chunks are also relevant. In case of the contextualized chunk case of the contextualized chunk case of the contextualized chunk embedding, it actually returned a chunk embedding, it actually returned a chunk embedding, it actually returned a chunk that was or a sentence that is part of that was or a sentence that is part of that was or a sentence that is part of the same paragraph. But the standard the same paragraph. But the standard the same paragraph. But the standard embedding model actually retrieved the embedding model actually retrieved the embedding model actually retrieved the third chunk which is not part of the third chunk which is not part of the third chunk which is not part of the data retention policy. For example, if data retention policy. For example, if data retention policy. For example, if you look here, this talks about the you look here, this talks about the you look here, this talks about the platform must maintain, delete detailed platform must maintain, delete detailed platform must maintain, delete detailed records of all data processing records of all data processing records of all data processing activities including purpose, activities including purpose, activities including purpose, categories, retention, etc. But if you categories, retention, etc. But if you categories, retention, etc. But if you look at that specific section, it only look at that specific section, it only look at that specific section, it only talks about those three sentences that talks about those three sentences that talks about those three sentences that were returned by the contextualized were returned by the contextualized were returned by the contextualized chunk embeddings. And we see very chunk embeddings. And we see very chunk embeddings. And we see very similar issues with the customer similar issues with the customer similar issues with the customer identification program policies as well. identification program policies as well. identification program policies as well. In this case, even the second and third In this case, even the second and third In this case, even the second and third chunk that is coming from the standard chunk that is coming from the standard chunk that is coming from the standard chunk embeddings is actually irrelevant. chunk embeddings is actually irrelevant. chunk embeddings is actually irrelevant. So here's the actual part which talks So here's the actual part which talks So here's the actual part which talks about customer identification program. about customer identification program. about customer identification program. So this was a quick overview of So this was a quick overview of So this was a quick overview of contextualized chunk embeddings. Do contextualized chunk embeddings. Do contextualized chunk embeddings. Do check it out. I think it's a good tool check it out. I think it's a good tool check it out. I think it's a good tool to have in your tool set. But keep in to have in your tool set. But keep in to have in your tool set. But keep in mind whenever you're designing rack mind whenever you're designing rack mind whenever you're designing rack systems, the choices really depends on systems, the choices really depends on systems, the choices really depends on how your data looks like and what how your data looks like and what how your data looks like and what exactly the retrieval setup is supposed exactly the retrieval setup is supposed exactly the retrieval setup is supposed to look like. So there's no one fit all to look like. So there's no one fit all to look like. So there's no one fit all solution when it comes to the solution when it comes to the solution when it comes to the traditional retrieval augmented traditional retrieval augmented traditional retrieval augmented generation systems. But it's always good generation systems. But it's always good generation systems. But it's always good to know these new techniques because to know these new techniques because to know these new techniques because they can come in very handy. Anyways, do they can come in very handy. Anyways, do they can come in very handy. Anyways, do let me know what you think, how your let me know what you think, how your let me know what you think, how your experience with this new method is and experience with this new method is and experience with this new method is and also put your questions in the comment also put your questions in the comment also put your questions in the comment section below. I'm going to try my best section below. I'm going to try my best section below. I'm going to try my best to respond to them. Anyways, I hope you to respond to them. Anyways, I hope you to respond to them. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for found this video useful. Thanks for found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the next one.
