Title: DuckDB in 100 Seconds
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Aduct DB, an open-source fast embeddible Aduct DB, an open-source fast embeddible Aduct DB, an open-source fast embeddible SQL OLAP database that simplifies the SQL OLAP database that simplifies the SQL OLAP database that simplifies the way developers implement analytics. It way developers implement analytics. It way developers implement analytics. It was developed in the Netherlands, was developed in the Netherlands, was developed in the Netherlands, written in C++, and first released in written in C++, and first released in written in C++, and first released in 2019. And the TLDDR is that it's like 2019. And the TLDDR is that it's like 2019. And the TLDDR is that it's like SQL light, but for columnar data. SQL light, but for columnar data. SQL light, but for columnar data. Everybody knows that SQLite is the most Everybody knows that SQLite is the most Everybody knows that SQLite is the most deployed database in the world. And deployed database in the world. And deployed database in the world. And that's because it runs as a single that's because it runs as a single that's because it runs as a single binary with no dedicated database binary with no dedicated database binary with no dedicated database management server process necessary, management server process necessary, management server process necessary, allowing it to be embedded almost allowing it to be embedded almost allowing it to be embedded almost anywhere, like the billions of anywhere, like the billions of anywhere, like the billions of smartphones around the world. Duct DB is smartphones around the world. Duct DB is smartphones around the world. Duct DB is built on the same philosophy, but built on the same philosophy, but built on the same philosophy, but instead of storing data row-wise, it instead of storing data row-wise, it instead of storing data row-wise, it stores it column-wise. But why does that stores it column-wise. But why does that stores it column-wise. But why does that matter? Well, you see, storing rows matter? Well, you see, storing rows matter? Well, you see, storing rows together is great for transactional together is great for transactional together is great for transactional workloads like most apps out there, like workloads like most apps out there, like workloads like most apps out there, like an e-commerce website where you need to an e-commerce website where you need to an e-commerce website where you need to read and write entire records at the read and write entire records at the read and write entire records at the same time, but it's not so great for same time, but it's not so great for same time, but it's not so great for high volume time series data commonly high volume time series data commonly high volume time series data commonly found in analytics and IoT where you found in analytics and IoT where you found in analytics and IoT where you need to read and analyze all the data in need to read and analyze all the data in need to read and analyze all the data in one column across many records. When one column across many records. When one column across many records. When storage is optimized for columns, it storage is optimized for columns, it storage is optimized for columns, it opens the door to much faster data opens the door to much faster data opens the door to much faster data aggregation like calculating an average aggregation like calculating an average aggregation like calculating an average in addition to much faster filters and in addition to much faster filters and in addition to much faster filters and joins. And DUTDB achieves excellent joins. And DUTDB achieves excellent joins. And DUTDB achieves excellent performance with massive data sets performance with massive data sets performance with massive data sets thanks to its columnar vectorzed query thanks to its columnar vectorzed query thanks to its columnar vectorzed query execution engine where large batches of execution engine where large batches of execution engine where large batches of values are processed as vectors in one values are processed as vectors in one values are processed as vectors in one operation in parallel. It's already in operation in parallel. It's already in operation in parallel. It's already in use at big companies like Meta, Google, use at big companies like Meta, Google, use at big companies like Meta, Google, and Airbnb. And you can get started by and Airbnb. And you can get started by and Airbnb. And you can get started by installing it. Then run the duct DB installing it. Then run the duct DB installing it. Then run the duct DB command from the terminal. And now we command from the terminal. And now we command from the terminal. And now we can start inserting data just like any can start inserting data just like any can start inserting data just like any other SQL database. Then if we want to other SQL database. Then if we want to other SQL database. Then if we want to read an individual column, we can do so read an individual column, we can do so read an individual column, we can do so with a select query. And what's with a select query. And what's with a select query. And what's especially awesome is that if we have especially awesome is that if we have especially awesome is that if we have some existing data in a CSV or parquet some existing data in a CSV or parquet some existing data in a CSV or parquet file, we can access it directly in a SQL file, we can access it directly in a SQL file, we can access it directly in a SQL statement. In addition, we could take statement. In addition, we could take statement. In addition, we could take that data then output it to a different that data then output it to a different that data then output it to a different format like JSON or even an HTML table. format like JSON or even an HTML table. format like JSON or even an HTML table. That's cool and all, but the real power That's cool and all, but the real power That's cool and all, but the real power of this database is its ability to of this database is its ability to of this database is its ability to perform aggregations when working with perform aggregations when working with perform aggregations when working with time series data. Like imagine we have a time series data. Like imagine we have a time series data. Like imagine we have a massive data set of stock prices and massive data set of stock prices and massive data set of stock prices and need to calculate things like the need to calculate things like the need to calculate things like the average, max, and min values for the average, max, and min values for the average, max, and min values for the last day. We can easily achieve that in last day. We can easily achieve that in last day. We can easily achieve that in a select statement thanks to built-in a select statement thanks to built-in a select statement thanks to built-in aggregate functions. Then use group by aggregate functions. Then use group by aggregate functions. Then use group by to bucket the data into a specific time to bucket the data into a specific time to bucket the data into a specific time range. But under the hood, we get range. But under the hood, we get range. But under the hood, we get excellent performance because unlike SQL excellent performance because unlike SQL excellent performance because unlike SQL light, which processes data rowby row, light, which processes data rowby row, light, which processes data rowby row, duct DB processes data in vectorized duct DB processes data in vectorized duct DB processes data in vectorized batches of rows and is multi-threaded by batches of rows and is multi-threaded by batches of rows and is multi-threaded by default, making it an excellent choice default, making it an excellent choice default, making it an excellent choice for analytical workloads. This has been for analytical workloads. This has been for analytical workloads. This has been duck DB in 100 seconds. Thanks for duck DB in 100 seconds. Thanks for duck DB in 100 seconds. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next one.
