Title: Find and Capitalize on Niche Opportunities Using AI
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

Welcome to a video where we'll be Welcome to a video where we'll be Welcome to a video where we'll be building a full project from not even building a full project from not even building a full project from not even having an idea all the way to having a having an idea all the way to having a having an idea all the way to having a live app that I would be and will be live app that I would be and will be live app that I would be and will be actually using in my business. And if actually using in my business. And if actually using in my business. And if you wanted, you could even monetize this you wanted, you could even monetize this you wanted, you could even monetize this ad payments and sell this as a SAS ad payments and sell this as a SAS ad payments and sell this as a SAS product. So, what are we going to be product. So, what are we going to be product. So, what are we going to be building today? And what kind of tools building today? And what kind of tools building today? And what kind of tools will we use in the process? So, we're will we use in the process? So, we're will we use in the process? So, we're going to build a little application that going to build a little application that going to build a little application that I call the Qboard, which allows content I call the Qboard, which allows content I call the Qboard, which allows content creators to create custom question and creators to create custom question and creators to create custom question and answer boards for their audience. Now, answer boards for their audience. Now, answer boards for their audience. Now, as you can see, this app is still very as you can see, this app is still very as you can see, this app is still very simple, but that's because we're going simple, but that's because we're going simple, but that's because we're going to be doing the full build in this to be doing the full build in this to be doing the full build in this YouTube video, all the way from YouTube video, all the way from YouTube video, all the way from generating the idea to having this live generating the idea to having this live generating the idea to having this live on the internet with functional on the internet with functional on the internet with functional authentication and the core feature authentication and the core feature authentication and the core feature enabled. As you'll see throughout this enabled. As you'll see throughout this enabled. As you'll see throughout this video, it's really simple to expand it video, it's really simple to expand it video, it's really simple to expand it and to add other things and improve the and to add other things and improve the and to add other things and improve the design, but I really wanted to show you design, but I really wanted to show you design, but I really wanted to show you a full workflow that would help a lot of a full workflow that would help a lot of a full workflow that would help a lot of people in just going for it and building people in just going for it and building people in just going for it and building their very first thing. their very first thing. their very first thing. &gt;&gt; Do it. &gt;&gt; Do it. &gt;&gt; Do it. &gt;&gt; Because getting to this point is doable &gt;&gt; Because getting to this point is doable &gt;&gt; Because getting to this point is doable for everybody with just a few steps. as for everybody with just a few steps. as for everybody with just a few steps. as I'll outline them in this video. The I'll outline them in this video. The I'll outline them in this video. The tool stack that we'll be using and the tool stack that we'll be using and the tool stack that we'll be using and the accounts that you will need to follow accounts that you will need to follow accounts that you will need to follow along this tutorial are the following. along this tutorial are the following. along this tutorial are the following. First, I'll list the tools and then I'll First, I'll list the tools and then I'll First, I'll list the tools and then I'll explain why. First and foremost, we'll explain why. First and foremost, we'll explain why. First and foremost, we'll be using Lovable to build this site. be using Lovable to build this site. be using Lovable to build this site. We'll be using Sappase for the database We'll be using Sappase for the database We'll be using Sappase for the database that will store all the user data. We'll that will store all the user data. We'll that will store all the user data. We'll be using a combination of Claude and be using a combination of Claude and be using a combination of Claude and Gemini for the ideation. And that is it. Gemini for the ideation. And that is it. Gemini for the ideation. And that is it. That's literally all you need. You can That's literally all you need. You can That's literally all you need. You can complete all of this on the free complete all of this on the free complete all of this on the free accounts with the exception of the accounts with the exception of the accounts with the exception of the Gemini Deep Research that I will be Gemini Deep Research that I will be Gemini Deep Research that I will be running. But that is not absolutely running. But that is not absolutely running. But that is not absolutely necessary. Everything else I do in here, necessary. Everything else I do in here, necessary. Everything else I do in here, you can do on the free accounts here. you can do on the free accounts here. you can do on the free accounts here. So, why are we using this tool stack? So, why are we using this tool stack? So, why are we using this tool stack? Well, first and foremost, Lovable Well, first and foremost, Lovable Well, first and foremost, Lovable partnered with us on this video. And I partnered with us on this video. And I partnered with us on this video. And I couldn't be more excited about this couldn't be more excited about this couldn't be more excited about this partnership because if you've been partnership because if you've been partnership because if you've been following, you might have noticed that following, you might have noticed that following, you might have noticed that Lovable took this development space by Lovable took this development space by Lovable took this development space by storm. And I want to make one thing storm. And I want to make one thing storm. And I want to make one thing clear and this is independent of the clear and this is independent of the clear and this is independent of the sponsorship. If you're not aware, sponsorship. If you're not aware, sponsorship. If you're not aware, there's a spectrum of these AI builder there's a spectrum of these AI builder there's a spectrum of these AI builder tools. Okay? On the one side of the tools. Okay? On the one side of the tools. Okay? On the one side of the spectrum, there's ease of use, and on spectrum, there's ease of use, and on spectrum, there's ease of use, and on the other side of the spectrum, there's the other side of the spectrum, there's the other side of the spectrum, there's the ones that are harder to use, but the ones that are harder to use, but the ones that are harder to use, but they give you the maximum amount of they give you the maximum amount of they give you the maximum amount of manual control. Now, I think it could be manual control. Now, I think it could be manual control. Now, I think it could be debated what's on this side of the debated what's on this side of the debated what's on this side of the spectrum, but one thing is clear. spectrum, but one thing is clear. spectrum, but one thing is clear. Lovable is on this side of the spectrum, Lovable is on this side of the spectrum, Lovable is on this side of the spectrum, meaning it is the ideal application for meaning it is the ideal application for meaning it is the ideal application for people to get into vibe coding. There's people to get into vibe coding. There's people to get into vibe coding. There's no simpler interface than this because, no simpler interface than this because, no simpler interface than this because, as you can see, you can pick templates as you can see, you can pick templates as you can see, you can pick templates that they already have, or you can start that they already have, or you can start that they already have, or you can start from scratch, as we're doing in this from scratch, as we're doing in this from scratch, as we're doing in this video, and it'll just build the whole video, and it'll just build the whole video, and it'll just build the whole thing for you. You don't have to worry thing for you. You don't have to worry thing for you. You don't have to worry about connecting everything up. You about connecting everything up. You about connecting everything up. You don't have to worry about using a don't have to worry about using a don't have to worry about using a command line interface. It just works. command line interface. It just works. command line interface. It just works. And that's also the reason why this And that's also the reason why this And that's also the reason why this thing went so viral recently. And with thing went so viral recently. And with thing went so viral recently. And with their new agent mode, which is the their new agent mode, which is the their new agent mode, which is the reason they're sponsoring this video, reason they're sponsoring this video, reason they're sponsoring this video, for me to show you how well that works, for me to show you how well that works, for me to show you how well that works, it became even more intuitive as you'll it became even more intuitive as you'll it became even more intuitive as you'll see in this video. So, that's lovable. I see in this video. So, that's lovable. I see in this video. So, that's lovable. I highly recommend that tool even outside highly recommend that tool even outside highly recommend that tool even outside of the sponsorship. Sappase is just kind of the sponsorship. Sappase is just kind of the sponsorship. Sappase is just kind of the golden standard for user of the golden standard for user of the golden standard for user databases, especially for newcomers. You databases, especially for newcomers. You databases, especially for newcomers. You just create an account and link it up in just create an account and link it up in just create an account and link it up in lovable as we'll do later in this video lovable as we'll do later in this video lovable as we'll do later in this video and then voila you have user and then voila you have user and then voila you have user authentication and then we'll be using a authentication and then we'll be using a authentication and then we'll be using a combination of Gemini deep research and combination of Gemini deep research and combination of Gemini deep research and claude to generate an idea. I'll show claude to generate an idea. I'll show claude to generate an idea. I'll show you my entire process there and as you my entire process there and as you my entire process there and as you'll see in that part I'll also reveal you'll see in that part I'll also reveal you'll see in that part I'll also reveal my methodology as how I generate ideas my methodology as how I generate ideas my methodology as how I generate ideas with the help of AI these days. Okay, so with the help of AI these days. Okay, so with the help of AI these days. Okay, so with that being said, if you have those with that being said, if you have those with that being said, if you have those accounts set up, really all you need is accounts set up, really all you need is accounts set up, really all you need is one LLM, free lovable account and a free one LLM, free lovable account and a free one LLM, free lovable account and a free supper account. We're ready to get into supper account. We're ready to get into supper account. We're ready to get into this tutorial and we're going to this tutorial and we're going to this tutorial and we're going to generate an idea and build a full generate an idea and build a full generate an idea and build a full application from scratch. Let's do it. application from scratch. Let's do it. application from scratch. Let's do it. Okay, so let's start by finding our Okay, so let's start by finding our Okay, so let's start by finding our idea. And obviously we're going to be idea. And obviously we're going to be idea. And obviously we're going to be doing this with the help of AI. Now, as doing this with the help of AI. Now, as doing this with the help of AI. Now, as a starting point, we'll be using this a starting point, we'll be using this a starting point, we'll be using this relatively simple prompt to find various relatively simple prompt to find various relatively simple prompt to find various ideas. But as opposed to some of the ideas. But as opposed to some of the ideas. But as opposed to some of the news videos we do, in this one, I'm news videos we do, in this one, I'm news videos we do, in this one, I'm actually going to show you the full actually going to show you the full actually going to show you the full process of how I would be doing this and process of how I would be doing this and process of how I would be doing this and what tools I would be using when I'm what tools I would be using when I'm what tools I would be using when I'm actually building something and not just actually building something and not just actually building something and not just doing a quick demo. So here's the simple doing a quick demo. So here's the simple doing a quick demo. So here's the simple prompt to get things started. I want to prompt to get things started. I want to prompt to get things started. I want to generate five unique web app ideas that generate five unique web app ideas that generate five unique web app ideas that meet these criteria. Then here I just meet these criteria. Then here I just meet these criteria. Then here I just have a few criteria that resonated with have a few criteria that resonated with have a few criteria that resonated with me and various target audiences that I me and various target audiences that I me and various target audiences that I can imagine building something for can imagine building something for can imagine building something for because I understand them as I am a part because I understand them as I am a part because I understand them as I am a part of these target audiences. So two things of these target audiences. So two things of these target audiences. So two things we have to consider. One, the LLM we have to consider. One, the LLM we have to consider. One, the LLM platform and tool that we'll be doing platform and tool that we'll be doing platform and tool that we'll be doing this with. So first things first, let's this with. So first things first, let's this with. So first things first, let's talk about the prompt. Practically when talk about the prompt. Practically when talk about the prompt. Practically when I have prompts that really matter, I use I have prompts that really matter, I use I have prompts that really matter, I use one of two tools. Sam the prompt creator one of two tools. Sam the prompt creator one of two tools. Sam the prompt creator that we built ourselves that is free to that we built ourselves that is free to that we built ourselves that is free to use on the GBD store that I go to super use on the GBD store that I go to super use on the GBD store that I go to super often because it's freely available and often because it's freely available and often because it's freely available and super quick to access. But when it comes super quick to access. But when it comes super quick to access. But when it comes to development specific tasks, I usually to development specific tasks, I usually to development specific tasks, I usually use Enthropics prompt improver. So use Enthropics prompt improver. So use Enthropics prompt improver. So inside the Enthropic console, I navigate inside the Enthropic console, I navigate inside the Enthropic console, I navigate to this button that says generate a to this button that says generate a to this button that says generate a prompt and then in here I can kind of prompt and then in here I can kind of prompt and then in here I can kind of put in what I already have. Make sure to put in what I already have. Make sure to put in what I already have. Make sure to check this which says that I'll be using check this which says that I'll be using check this which says that I'll be using a thinking model which I definitely will a thinking model which I definitely will a thinking model which I definitely will and then I hit generate. Now, the neat and then I hit generate. Now, the neat and then I hit generate. Now, the neat thing about this is that this is kind of thing about this is that this is kind of thing about this is that this is kind of optimized for development and it will optimized for development and it will optimized for development and it will flash this out in great detail. And what flash this out in great detail. And what flash this out in great detail. And what I'll do next is I'll review this prompt I'll do next is I'll review this prompt I'll do next is I'll review this prompt and delete parts that I find irrelevant. and delete parts that I find irrelevant. and delete parts that I find irrelevant. So, let me just manually do that and So, let me just manually do that and So, let me just manually do that and I'll see you in a second. I'll see you in a second. I'll see you in a second. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; And there you go. Actually, changing &gt;&gt; And there you go. Actually, changing &gt;&gt; And there you go. Actually, changing this didn't take much. All I did is this didn't take much. All I did is this didn't take much. All I did is replace the year variables with a replace the year variables with a replace the year variables with a concrete year 2025. I added some context concrete year 2025. I added some context concrete year 2025. I added some context on what I will be doing with this app, on what I will be doing with this app, on what I will be doing with this app, which is building something for a which is building something for a which is building something for a YouTube video. and everything it added YouTube video. and everything it added YouTube video. and everything it added here. This five-step process for how to here. This five-step process for how to here. This five-step process for how to generate the idea and the output format generate the idea and the output format generate the idea and the output format actually really like. I just kept it as actually really like. I just kept it as actually really like. I just kept it as is. So, what I'm going to do is I'm is. So, what I'm going to do is I'm is. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this refined prompt. And going to copy this refined prompt. And going to copy this refined prompt. And now we get to the idea generation part. now we get to the idea generation part. now we get to the idea generation part. So, practically when it comes to So, practically when it comes to So, practically when it comes to generating ideas with LLMs, I have very generating ideas with LLMs, I have very generating ideas with LLMs, I have very specific preferences. For ideas, I specific preferences. For ideas, I specific preferences. For ideas, I personally prefer both Gemini and personally prefer both Gemini and personally prefer both Gemini and Claude. And because I work a ton in Claude. And because I work a ton in Claude. And because I work a ton in Claude, that's usually what I default Claude, that's usually what I default Claude, that's usually what I default to. But when I run deep researches, to. But when I run deep researches, to. But when I run deep researches, which is what we're going to be doing which is what we're going to be doing which is what we're going to be doing here, usually when I run deep here, usually when I run deep here, usually when I run deep researches, I run them in multiple researches, I run them in multiple researches, I run them in multiple engines. And now after multiple months, engines. And now after multiple months, engines. And now after multiple months, I can just say this confidently. A bit I can just say this confidently. A bit I can just say this confidently. A bit more nuanced or a bit more relevant. more nuanced or a bit more relevant. more nuanced or a bit more relevant. Deep research in Gemini. Amazing. So I'm Deep research in Gemini. Amazing. So I'm Deep research in Gemini. Amazing. So I'm going to open up Gemini here, paste my going to open up Gemini here, paste my going to open up Gemini here, paste my prompt, enable deep research, and run prompt, enable deep research, and run prompt, enable deep research, and run this. And then practically, usually I this. And then practically, usually I this. And then practically, usually I can't help myself and I and because I can't help myself and I and because I can't help myself and I and because I pay for multiple platforms, I just run pay for multiple platforms, I just run pay for multiple platforms, I just run this for multiple deep researches. And this for multiple deep researches. And this for multiple deep researches. And at this stage, now that we refined our at this stage, now that we refined our at this stage, now that we refined our prompt and we're running a deep prompt and we're running a deep prompt and we're running a deep research, we can take a step back, go or research, we can take a step back, go or research, we can take a step back, go or do something else. And I'll see you in a do something else. And I'll see you in a do something else. And I'll see you in a second where we'll be reviewing some of second where we'll be reviewing some of second where we'll be reviewing some of these ideas and then taking one of those these ideas and then taking one of those these ideas and then taking one of those ideas and actually turning it into app ideas and actually turning it into app ideas and actually turning it into app with lovable. 5 minutes later. with lovable. 5 minutes later. with lovable. 5 minutes later. &gt;&gt; Okay, so around 5 minutes in, Google's &gt;&gt; Okay, so around 5 minutes in, Google's &gt;&gt; Okay, so around 5 minutes in, Google's deep research is still searching the web deep research is still searching the web deep research is still searching the web and preparing this. It's almost done, and preparing this. It's almost done, and preparing this. It's almost done, but the clawed one is ready to go. So, but the clawed one is ready to go. So, but the clawed one is ready to go. So, let's start by reviewing these and see let's start by reviewing these and see let's start by reviewing these and see what we like. Meeting fairness, the time what we like. Meeting fairness, the time what we like. Meeting fairness, the time zone equity tracker for remote teams. zone equity tracker for remote teams. zone equity tracker for remote teams. Okay. Visualize team availability across Okay. Visualize team availability across Okay. Visualize team availability across time zones with a simple heat map and time zones with a simple heat map and time zones with a simple heat map and then track the inconvenient meeting then track the inconvenient meeting then track the inconvenient meeting count. Okay, that's kind of cool. What count. Okay, that's kind of cool. What count. Okay, that's kind of cool. What else we got? AI powered crossplatform else we got? AI powered crossplatform else we got? AI powered crossplatform content adapter. Okay, so these things content adapter. Okay, so these things content adapter. Okay, so these things exist, but honestly this one could be exist, but honestly this one could be exist, but honestly this one could be interesting if it would give you options interesting if it would give you options interesting if it would give you options to customize it for yourself. I know. I to customize it for yourself. I know. I to customize it for yourself. I know. I would like a platform like that where I would like a platform like that where I would like a platform like that where I could tinker with the prompts. could tinker with the prompts. could tinker with the prompts. Interesting. Interesting. Invoice nudge. Interesting. Interesting. Invoice nudge. Interesting. Interesting. Invoice nudge. Automated payment reminder systems. Uh, Automated payment reminder systems. Uh, Automated payment reminder systems. Uh, okay. Burnout block. Meeting fatigue okay. Burnout block. Meeting fatigue okay. Burnout block. Meeting fatigue prevention tool. Browser extension that prevention tool. Browser extension that prevention tool. Browser extension that analyzes your calendar. How about local analyzes your calendar. How about local analyzes your calendar. How about local boost DIY local SEO checker? So from boost DIY local SEO checker? So from boost DIY local SEO checker? So from these I like meeting fairness a lot these I like meeting fairness a lot these I like meeting fairness a lot because it could be a tool where you because it could be a tool where you because it could be a tool where you could customize it for your team and could customize it for your team and could customize it for your team and then you get a custom map of the world then you get a custom map of the world then you get a custom map of the world showing all your team members. I like showing all your team members. I like showing all your team members. I like that a lot. Now let's compare that with that a lot. Now let's compare that with that a lot. Now let's compare that with some of the Google Gemini ideas which some of the Google Gemini ideas which some of the Google Gemini ideas which yes are complete by now. And as you can yes are complete by now. And as you can yes are complete by now. And as you can see it upheld the template here see it upheld the template here see it upheld the template here extremely well. It's exactly what I told extremely well. It's exactly what I told extremely well. It's exactly what I told it to. No extra formatting just the it to. No extra formatting just the it to. No extra formatting just the format that I want. So yeah amongst high format that I want. So yeah amongst high format that I want. So yeah amongst high relevance also prompt adherence in relevance also prompt adherence in relevance also prompt adherence in Gemini's deep research. It's just one of Gemini's deep research. It's just one of Gemini's deep research. It's just one of the reasons that makes this the best the reasons that makes this the best the reasons that makes this the best deep research right now. Okay. Name of deep research right now. Okay. Name of deep research right now. Okay. Name of the app, Sign Off. It's for remote the app, Sign Off. It's for remote the app, Sign Off. It's for remote workers and it's a minimalist workers and it's a minimalist workers and it's a minimalist progressive web app designed to progressive web app designed to progressive web app designed to facilitate a clear and stress-free end facilitate a clear and stress-free end facilitate a clear and stress-free end to the workday. Oh, that's interesting. to the workday. Oh, that's interesting. to the workday. Oh, that's interesting. So, it's kind of a end of day journaling So, it's kind of a end of day journaling So, it's kind of a end of day journaling thing. Helping people to unplug. thing. Helping people to unplug. thing. Helping people to unplug. Interesting. What about another one? Interesting. What about another one? Interesting. What about another one? Nicheinder AI content creators strategic Nicheinder AI content creators strategic Nicheinder AI content creators strategic market analysis tool that identifies market analysis tool that identifies market analysis tool that identifies content gaps on video platforms like content gaps on video platforms like content gaps on video platforms like YouTube. Ah, there's tools that do this YouTube. Ah, there's tools that do this YouTube. Ah, there's tools that do this better already. How about this one? better already. How about this one? better already. How about this one? Local, easy, small business owners. A Local, easy, small business owners. A Local, easy, small business owners. A hyper local marketing assistant designed hyper local marketing assistant designed hyper local marketing assistant designed for time poor entrepreneurs. Okay. A for time poor entrepreneurs. Okay. A for time poor entrepreneurs. Okay. A business owner completes a one-time business owner completes a one-time business owner completes a one-time setup and a few keywords describing setup and a few keywords describing setup and a few keywords describing their brand voice to generate marketing their brand voice to generate marketing their brand voice to generate marketing copy. The user simply provides a brief copy. The user simply provides a brief copy. The user simply provides a brief goal. The app uses the Google Maps API goal. The app uses the Google Maps API goal. The app uses the Google Maps API to pull relevant local context and to pull relevant local context and to pull relevant local context and combines it with the saved profile combines it with the saved profile combines it with the saved profile information, a specific goal. Okay, this information, a specific goal. Okay, this information, a specific goal. Okay, this one's actually a great idea, but I think one's actually a great idea, but I think one's actually a great idea, but I think it goes beyond the scope of today's it goes beyond the scope of today's it goes beyond the scope of today's video. I like this one a lot though. And video. I like this one a lot though. And video. I like this one a lot though. And then too long didn't watch a personal then too long didn't watch a personal then too long didn't watch a personal productivity utility. A single page web productivity utility. A single page web productivity utility. A single page web app where users can paste a public or app where users can paste a public or app where users can paste a public or unlisted URL from a video platform like unlisted URL from a video platform like unlisted URL from a video platform like Loom or YouTube or paste a large block Loom or YouTube or paste a large block Loom or YouTube or paste a large block of text from a Slack thread or email. of text from a Slack thread or email. of text from a Slack thread or email. And then it uses AI to summarize it. And then it uses AI to summarize it. And then it uses AI to summarize it. Okay, that's solid. What about this one? Okay, that's solid. What about this one? Okay, that's solid. What about this one? Qboard for content creators. Q&amp;A app Qboard for content creators. Q&amp;A app Qboard for content creators. Q&amp;A app that streamlines audience interaction that streamlines audience interaction that streamlines audience interaction for video creators. A creator generates for video creators. A creator generates for video creators. A creator generates a unique sharable Qboard link for a a unique sharable Qboard link for a a unique sharable Qboard link for a specific video or for their channel as a specific video or for their channel as a specific video or for their channel as a whole. place the link in the video whole. place the link in the video whole. place the link in the video description and promote it to their description and promote it to their description and promote it to their audience. And then viewers can submit audience. And then viewers can submit audience. And then viewers can submit questions and upload questions posted by questions and upload questions posted by questions and upload questions posted by others. Okay, I actually personally love others. Okay, I actually personally love others. Okay, I actually personally love this one. I was thinking of doing this one. I was thinking of doing this one. I was thinking of doing something like this for my videos. And I something like this for my videos. And I something like this for my videos. And I think there's tools out there that do it think there's tools out there that do it think there's tools out there that do it already, but they're not very already, but they're not very already, but they're not very customizable from what I know. And if I customizable from what I know. And if I customizable from what I know. And if I built this, I could add all sorts of built this, I could add all sorts of built this, I could add all sorts of features to this and really tailor it to features to this and really tailor it to features to this and really tailor it to myself and then maybe eventually to myself and then maybe eventually to myself and then maybe eventually to others, too. So, I'm going to go with others, too. So, I'm going to go with others, too. So, I'm going to go with this idea. And can you see the this idea. And can you see the this idea. And can you see the difference between these ideas already? difference between these ideas already? difference between these ideas already? Like these are quick doable ideas, but Like these are quick doable ideas, but Like these are quick doable ideas, but let's be honest, I don't think none of let's be honest, I don't think none of let's be honest, I don't think none of these would be suitable to actually these would be suitable to actually these would be suitable to actually build a business on where I feel like build a business on where I feel like build a business on where I feel like these deep research ideas, especially these deep research ideas, especially these deep research ideas, especially this one like local E toz where it this one like local E toz where it this one like local E toz where it localizes all the marketing to Google localizes all the marketing to Google localizes all the marketing to Google maps data. Like these are real ideas maps data. Like these are real ideas maps data. Like these are real ideas that if you build them out, you could that if you build them out, you could that if you build them out, you could start building a legitimate business on start building a legitimate business on start building a legitimate business on top of just this where the claw ideas top of just this where the claw ideas top of just this where the claw ideas are more like something to try, are more like something to try, are more like something to try, something fun. And to round out this something fun. And to round out this something fun. And to round out this preparation part of the video, I'm preparation part of the video, I'm preparation part of the video, I'm actually going to return to this claude actually going to return to this claude actually going to return to this claude thread here. I don't have deep research thread here. I don't have deep research thread here. I don't have deep research enabled anymore, but I actually want to enabled anymore, but I actually want to enabled anymore, but I actually want to use Opus to flesh out this idea. And the use Opus to flesh out this idea. And the use Opus to flesh out this idea. And the reason I'm going to do it in this thread reason I'm going to do it in this thread reason I'm going to do it in this thread is because it has context on what I'm is because it has context on what I'm is because it has context on what I'm doing already. I'm just going to ask it doing already. I'm just going to ask it doing already. I'm just going to ask it to spec out this app so I can give to spec out this app so I can give to spec out this app so I can give something concrete to Lovable. And just something concrete to Lovable. And just something concrete to Lovable. And just to be clear at this point, you could to be clear at this point, you could to be clear at this point, you could just go in and give Lovable one sentence just go in and give Lovable one sentence just go in and give Lovable one sentence and it will build the thing for you. But and it will build the thing for you. But and it will build the thing for you. But yeah, if you go through this process, yeah, if you go through this process, yeah, if you go through this process, it's going to be less trial and error. it's going to be less trial and error. it's going to be less trial and error. And I just like fleshing out my vision And I just like fleshing out my vision And I just like fleshing out my vision in advance before I actually get into in advance before I actually get into in advance before I actually get into building. But yeah, you could actually building. But yeah, you could actually building. But yeah, you could actually skip all this and if you just have an skip all this and if you just have an skip all this and if you just have an idea, you could type in a sentence. idea, you could type in a sentence. idea, you could type in a sentence. Boom, get the app built and then work Boom, get the app built and then work Boom, get the app built and then work from there. So, I'm just going to tell from there. So, I'm just going to tell from there. So, I'm just going to tell it where I'm at that I have an idea and it where I'm at that I have an idea and it where I'm at that I have an idea and where I need to go, which is the no code where I need to go, which is the no code where I need to go, which is the no code builder. And then I just get a bit more builder. And then I just get a bit more builder. And then I just get a bit more specific with telling it what exactly specific with telling it what exactly specific with telling it what exactly I'm expecting from it. Okay, so quick I'm expecting from it. Okay, so quick I'm expecting from it. Okay, so quick look over this user types. So, as you look over this user types. So, as you look over this user types. So, as you can see, this is very, very specific, can see, this is very, very specific, can see, this is very, very specific, which might not always be a good thing which might not always be a good thing which might not always be a good thing because it's specified every single because it's specified every single because it's specified every single thing. But I'm just going to copy this thing. But I'm just going to copy this thing. But I'm just going to copy this entire thing, move over to Lovable, and entire thing, move over to Lovable, and entire thing, move over to Lovable, and if you're logged in on a free account, if you're logged in on a free account, if you're logged in on a free account, you can already build things, and their you can already build things, and their you can already build things, and their new agent mode is enabled by default. new agent mode is enabled by default. new agent mode is enabled by default. So, I'm just going to paste in this So, I'm just going to paste in this So, I'm just going to paste in this detail prompt, and run this. Okay. And as I log in, I just create a Okay. And as I log in, I just create a Okay. And as I log in, I just create a brand new project to store all of the brand new project to store all of the brand new project to store all of the user and login information. And then user and login information. And then user and login information. And then back here in Lovable, I just click back here in Lovable, I just click back here in Lovable, I just click connect to that project. And there you connect to that project. And there you connect to that project. And there you go. Now I connected it and Lovable can go. Now I connected it and Lovable can go. Now I connected it and Lovable can proceed with actually using the database proceed with actually using the database proceed with actually using the database on suppend on suppend on suppend of my app and store all of the user of my app and store all of the user of my app and store all of the user data. Okay, now that we have that, I can data. Okay, now that we have that, I can data. Okay, now that we have that, I can just say continue. just say continue. just say continue. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; A few moments later. &gt;&gt; Okay, so just after five credits, which &gt;&gt; Okay, so just after five credits, which &gt;&gt; Okay, so just after five credits, which I did fully on the free account, I have I did fully on the free account, I have I did fully on the free account, I have a website that does the core of what was a website that does the core of what was a website that does the core of what was described. Okay. And after implementing described. Okay. And after implementing described. Okay. And after implementing some of these security fixes, it some of these security fixes, it some of these security fixes, it recommended here we're ready to publish recommended here we're ready to publish recommended here we're ready to publish this project. So I guess I could do two this project. So I guess I could do two this project. So I guess I could do two more security fixes, but I just want to more security fixes, but I just want to more security fixes, but I just want to see it in action now. Ah, and as of right now, all these Ah, and as of right now, all these Ah, and as of right now, all these buttons give me four or four errors. buttons give me four or four errors. buttons give me four or four errors. It's interesting. Sometimes when I open It's interesting. Sometimes when I open It's interesting. Sometimes when I open it, it works. And we're just going to go it, it works. And we're just going to go it, it works. And we're just going to go with that because things like this with that because things like this with that because things like this happen when you vibe code. You just need happen when you vibe code. You just need happen when you vibe code. You just need to point out what happened and message to point out what happened and message to point out what happened and message like all the website buttons give me 44. like all the website buttons give me 44. like all the website buttons give me 44. Oops. Page not found. and then it will Oops. Page not found. and then it will Oops. Page not found. and then it will find a way to fix that. And as you can find a way to fix that. And as you can find a way to fix that. And as you can see, it's already fixing the missing see, it's already fixing the missing see, it's already fixing the missing routes and pages. Okay, let's just make routes and pages. Okay, let's just make routes and pages. Okay, let's just make sure to update the website with these sure to update the website with these sure to update the website with these changes. And then when I refresh the changes. And then when I refresh the changes. And then when I refresh the site, I can go to sign in. And voila, it site, I can go to sign in. And voila, it site, I can go to sign in. And voila, it already hit my previous session where I already hit my previous session where I already hit my previous session where I logged in and I see my interface. So, as logged in and I see my interface. So, as logged in and I see my interface. So, as you see this working through it, what you see this working through it, what you see this working through it, what you might notice is that it's doing you might notice is that it's doing you might notice is that it's doing multiple steps. And this is the new multiple steps. And this is the new multiple steps. And this is the new agent mode. And it doesn't just make the agent mode. And it doesn't just make the agent mode. And it doesn't just make the code more precise with way less bugs code more precise with way less bugs code more precise with way less bugs being included than before. It can being included than before. It can being included than before. It can actually search the entire codebase, actually search the entire codebase, actually search the entire codebase, locate exact files through agentic locate exact files through agentic locate exact files through agentic search, meaning the agent just looks for search, meaning the agent just looks for search, meaning the agent just looks for everything and finds the parts that are everything and finds the parts that are everything and finds the parts that are relevant to it and then works on those. relevant to it and then works on those. relevant to it and then works on those. It can also search the webs, create It can also search the webs, create It can also search the webs, create screenshots, bring them back in to screenshots, bring them back in to screenshots, bring them back in to recreate these apps. So overall, the recreate these apps. So overall, the recreate these apps. So overall, the entire experience just became way more entire experience just became way more entire experience just became way more solid. So if you previously had some solid. So if you previously had some solid. So if you previously had some lovable experience before with the new lovable experience before with the new lovable experience before with the new agent mode, I suppose the only downside agent mode, I suppose the only downside agent mode, I suppose the only downside is that some of these steps take a few is that some of these steps take a few is that some of these steps take a few more credits, but more on that in the more credits, but more on that in the more credits, but more on that in the end. It's not even that drastic. So end. It's not even that drastic. So end. It's not even that drastic. So let's test this for the first time. let's test this for the first time. let's test this for the first time. Create a new board. Okay, now these Create a new board. Okay, now these Create a new board. Okay, now these buttons don't work. And I'll do the same buttons don't work. And I'll do the same buttons don't work. And I'll do the same thing. And the important thing here is thing. And the important thing here is thing. And the important thing here is to be precise. So I'm going to say on to be precise. So I'm going to say on to be precise. So I'm going to say on the your keyboards site, the buttons the your keyboards site, the buttons the your keyboards site, the buttons lead to 404 error pages. And I sent that lead to 404 error pages. And I sent that lead to 404 error pages. And I sent that &gt;&gt; a few moments later. &gt;&gt; a few moments later. &gt;&gt; a few moments later. Ah, there we go. Now it works. So let's Ah, there we go. Now it works. So let's Ah, there we go. Now it works. So let's create a test board. Testing create a test board. Testing create a test board. Testing uh new QA board. Test board AIA1, let's uh new QA board. Test board AIA1, let's uh new QA board. Test board AIA1, let's say. And I allow anonymous questions. say. And I allow anonymous questions. say. And I allow anonymous questions. Good feature. Okay. So, what about this? Good feature. Okay. So, what about this? Good feature. Okay. So, what about this? If I click this, is it going to work? No If I click this, is it going to work? No If I click this, is it going to work? No way. Okay. So, I can submit a question. way. Okay. So, I can submit a question. way. Okay. So, I can submit a question. So, this would be what the audience is So, this would be what the audience is So, this would be what the audience is looking at, right? So, where did you looking at, right? So, where did you looking at, right? So, where did you grow up? And then I'm going to, you grow up? And then I'm going to, you grow up? And then I'm going to, you know, add a name, which is optional. And know, add a name, which is optional. And know, add a name, which is optional. And I'm going to leave out the email. Submit I'm going to leave out the email. Submit I'm going to leave out the email. Submit question. Beautiful. So, now this is question. Beautiful. So, now this is question. Beautiful. So, now this is where people can submit a question. And where people can submit a question. And where people can submit a question. And then I suppose you could add more. Here then I suppose you could add more. Here then I suppose you could add more. Here is a second question. I'm going to say is a second question. I'm going to say is a second question. I'm going to say Eigor 2 test at Eigor 2 test at Eigor 2 test at beautiful. And now I could upfold these beautiful. And now I could upfold these beautiful. And now I could upfold these and yeah, if I just share this link with and yeah, if I just share this link with and yeah, if I just share this link with my audience. Check this out. I mean, I my audience. Check this out. I mean, I my audience. Check this out. I mean, I open up an anonymous browser, right? Put open up an anonymous browser, right? Put open up an anonymous browser, right? Put it in here. Everybody in the audience, it in here. Everybody in the audience, it in here. Everybody in the audience, every viewer could actually put their every viewer could actually put their every viewer could actually put their questions here. So, if you want, you can questions here. So, if you want, you can questions here. So, if you want, you can actually check out this page, submit a actually check out this page, submit a actually check out this page, submit a question. But what I would do question. But what I would do question. But what I would do practically as a creator is here with my practically as a creator is here with my practically as a creator is here with my new test board. I could just use this new test board. I could just use this new test board. I could just use this while live streaming. Viewers submit while live streaming. Viewers submit while live streaming. Viewers submit questions here. They can upvote them and questions here. They can upvote them and questions here. They can upvote them and I have it. No need for a subscription. I have it. No need for a subscription. I have it. No need for a subscription. And guess what? If I want to customize And guess what? If I want to customize And guess what? If I want to customize this, I could always add more features. this, I could always add more features. this, I could always add more features. I could maybe add a community answer I could maybe add a community answer I could maybe add a community answer feature where yeah, people can ask, but feature where yeah, people can ask, but feature where yeah, people can ask, but also community members could answer it also community members could answer it also community members could answer it right there and there. Something that right there and there. Something that right there and there. Something that you're not going to get out of other you're not going to get out of other you're not going to get out of other platforms. I could integrate AI platforms. I could integrate AI platforms. I could integrate AI features. I could add payments. I could features. I could add payments. I could features. I could add payments. I could improve the design, add various other improve the design, add various other improve the design, add various other features, add a blog, do all of these features, add a blog, do all of these features, add a blog, do all of these things to really make a fullfledged out things to really make a fullfledged out things to really make a fullfledged out website. But the point of this video was website. But the point of this video was website. But the point of this video was to showing you how quickly you can to showing you how quickly you can to showing you how quickly you can generate relevant ideas without much generate relevant ideas without much generate relevant ideas without much creativity at all. I used deep research creativity at all. I used deep research creativity at all. I used deep research to do that and then build those ideas to do that and then build those ideas to do that and then build those ideas with lovable. It really couldn't be much with lovable. It really couldn't be much with lovable. It really couldn't be much simpler than this. And in total, I used simpler than this. And in total, I used simpler than this. And in total, I used 15 credits to build it to this stage. So 15 credits to build it to this stage. So 15 credits to build it to this stage. So five credits you get for free. You can five credits you get for free. You can five credits you get for free. You can try that right away and build something try that right away and build something try that right away and build something on the free account. And if you want to on the free account. And if you want to on the free account. And if you want to take it a little bit further and take it a little bit further and take it a little bit further and actually get a production ready app like actually get a production ready app like actually get a production ready app like this, you can totally do that. One more this, you can totally do that. One more this, you can totally do that. One more note on the pricing here is that if you note on the pricing here is that if you note on the pricing here is that if you click these three dots, you're going to click these three dots, you're going to click these three dots, you're going to actually see how many credits used. So actually see how many credits used. So actually see how many credits used. So this agent message used 2.6 credits and this agent message used 2.6 credits and this agent message used 2.6 credits and that implemented the final product that that implemented the final product that that implemented the final product that we're offering with this application we're offering with this application we're offering with this application here. Right? This one used 2.5 and the here. Right? This one used 2.5 and the here. Right? This one used 2.5 and the very first message, remember the long very first message, remember the long very first message, remember the long one? That one actually only took 1.7 one? That one actually only took 1.7 one? That one actually only took 1.7 credits. So yeah, right there you can credits. So yeah, right there you can credits. So yeah, right there you can see how simple Lovable is to use for new see how simple Lovable is to use for new see how simple Lovable is to use for new users. And that's also the reason why it users. And that's also the reason why it users. And that's also the reason why it has just gained this viral popularity has just gained this viral popularity has just gained this viral popularity amongst people. It's just very amongst people. It's just very amongst people. It's just very plug-andplay. And if you build something plug-andplay. And if you build something plug-andplay. And if you build something interesting, feel free to share it in interesting, feel free to share it in interesting, feel free to share it in the comments below. I'll be checking the comments below. I'll be checking the comments below. I'll be checking those. And if you're still not sure what those. And if you're still not sure what those. And if you're still not sure what to do, well, you can always scroll down to do, well, you can always scroll down to do, well, you can always scroll down here on the Lovable page and see what here on the Lovable page and see what here on the Lovable page and see what other people have built and then remix other people have built and then remix other people have built and then remix their ideas. You could just take one of their ideas. You could just take one of their ideas. You could just take one of these. And as you can see, already these. And as you can see, already these. And as you can see, already 17,000 people took this concrete 17,000 people took this concrete 17,000 people took this concrete template and just customize it for template and just customize it for template and just customize it for themselves. I hope this was interesting themselves. I hope this was interesting themselves. I hope this was interesting to you. Thank you to Lovable for to you. Thank you to Lovable for to you. Thank you to Lovable for partnering with us on this video. I had partnering with us on this video. I had partnering with us on this video. I had a lot of fun and you can expect to see a lot of fun and you can expect to see a lot of fun and you can expect to see this app in future live streams. And this app in future live streams. And this app in future live streams. And with that being said, I hope you have a with that being said, I hope you have a with that being said, I hope you have a wonderful
