Title: Google's New Universal Translator AI is FREE & More AI Use Cases
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

So, on the surface, this might seem like So, on the surface, this might seem like So, on the surface, this might seem like a calmer week in generative AI, but we a calmer week in generative AI, but we a calmer week in generative AI, but we finally got a universal voice translator finally got a universal voice translator finally got a universal voice translator that works. I'm literally talking about that works. I'm literally talking about that works. I'm literally talking about the Google Translate app. And even the Google Translate app. And even the Google Translate app. And even OpenAI followed up with their own voice OpenAI followed up with their own voice OpenAI followed up with their own voice models. And then Google also released models. And then Google also released models. And then Google also released their new image editing model that you their new image editing model that you their new image editing model that you might have heard about. It was referred might have heard about. It was referred might have heard about. It was referred to as Nano Banana. Actually, it's the to as Nano Banana. Actually, it's the to as Nano Banana. Actually, it's the new Google model. Spoiler alert, it's new Google model. Spoiler alert, it's new Google model. Spoiler alert, it's still incredible. And we'll be looking still incredible. And we'll be looking still incredible. And we'll be looking at all of that and more in this week's at all of that and more in this week's at all of that and more in this week's episode of AI News You Can Us, the show episode of AI News You Can Us, the show episode of AI News You Can Us, the show that rounds up all the practical AI use that rounds up all the practical AI use that rounds up all the practical AI use cases and features that have been cases and features that have been cases and features that have been released this week and filters for the released this week and filters for the released this week and filters for the ones that matter. Starting out with the ones that matter. Starting out with the ones that matter. Starting out with the ultimate AI use case. I mean, this use ultimate AI use case. I mean, this use ultimate AI use case. I mean, this use case is something that little children case is something that little children case is something that little children instantly get. It's a universal voice instantly get. It's a universal voice instantly get. It's a universal voice translator and there were multiple translator and there were multiple translator and there were multiple attempts at making this happen in the attempts at making this happen in the attempts at making this happen in the entire space. I think most entire space. I think most entire space. I think most significantly, we saw last year's significantly, we saw last year's significantly, we saw last year's OpenAI's chat GPT voice mode attempt OpenAI's chat GPT voice mode attempt OpenAI's chat GPT voice mode attempt this. And while the marketing looked this. And while the marketing looked this. And while the marketing looked really good, as soon as we got that really good, as soon as we got that really good, as soon as we got that voice assistant into our hands, most voice assistant into our hands, most voice assistant into our hands, most people realized that the interaction people realized that the interaction people realized that the interaction just wasn't that smooth. When you just wasn't that smooth. When you just wasn't that smooth. When you interrupted it, it felt very unsmooth. interrupted it, it felt very unsmooth. interrupted it, it felt very unsmooth. The latency was high and switching The latency was high and switching The latency was high and switching between the two languages just did not between the two languages just did not between the two languages just did not work reliably. And what I find myself work reliably. And what I find myself work reliably. And what I find myself doing when I'm traveling or even talking doing when I'm traveling or even talking doing when I'm traveling or even talking to Portuguese people here in Lisbon, to Portuguese people here in Lisbon, to Portuguese people here in Lisbon, where I live, is I use Google Translate where I live, is I use Google Translate where I live, is I use Google Translate a lot. That is my default. AI models are a lot. That is my default. AI models are a lot. That is my default. AI models are just a bit too slow. And what happened just a bit too slow. And what happened just a bit too slow. And what happened now is there's a brand new function in now is there's a brand new function in now is there's a brand new function in Google Translate, as you can see on my Google Translate, as you can see on my Google Translate, as you can see on my phone screen right here, that says phone screen right here, that says phone screen right here, that says conversation. You can get this for free conversation. You can get this for free conversation. You can get this for free in the newest update of the app. And in the newest update of the app. And in the newest update of the app. And conversation essentially does what conversation essentially does what conversation essentially does what people hoped for with chatb voice mode. people hoped for with chatb voice mode. people hoped for with chatb voice mode. You can have a conversation between two You can have a conversation between two You can have a conversation between two people that speak two different people that speak two different people that speak two different languages. And the Google Translate app languages. And the Google Translate app languages. And the Google Translate app will be the interface to do it live. So, will be the interface to do it live. So, will be the interface to do it live. So, what I'll do in this case is I'll switch what I'll do in this case is I'll switch what I'll do in this case is I'll switch it to two languages that I actually it to two languages that I actually it to two languages that I actually speak. So, we'll do English and German speak. So, we'll do English and German speak. So, we'll do English and German here. If you're not familiar, I grew up here. If you're not familiar, I grew up here. If you're not familiar, I grew up in Austria. We moved there when I was in Austria. We moved there when I was in Austria. We moved there when I was eight. I also studied in Vienna, so have eight. I also studied in Vienna, so have eight. I also studied in Vienna, so have quite a bit of German practice. And I'm quite a bit of German practice. And I'm quite a bit of German practice. And I'm just going to tap this conversation just going to tap this conversation just going to tap this conversation button and let's see how this goes. Hey, button and let's see how this goes. Hey, button and let's see how this goes. Hey, what's up? How you doing today? And what's up? How you doing today? And what's up? How you doing today? And there it is. Right away, it translates there it is. Right away, it translates there it is. Right away, it translates at a speed that is unprecedented. Well, I'm actually feeling pretty good Well, I'm actually feeling pretty good Well, I'm actually feeling pretty good today. What? How are you? today. What? How are you? today. What? How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm doing excellent. Demoing the brand &gt;&gt; I'm doing excellent. Demoing the brand &gt;&gt; I'm doing excellent. Demoing the brand new live translator feature. What you new live translator feature. What you new live translator feature. What you think? think? think? &gt;&gt; Samsung Excellence dawns the brand new &gt;&gt; Samsung Excellence dawns the brand new &gt;&gt; Samsung Excellence dawns the brand new life translator feature. What you think? life translator feature. What you think? life translator feature. What you think? &gt;&gt; Ah, so there I got the language wrong &gt;&gt; Ah, so there I got the language wrong &gt;&gt; Ah, so there I got the language wrong and I do have to kind of unconveniently and I do have to kind of unconveniently and I do have to kind of unconveniently unplug the phone here to get the audio unplug the phone here to get the audio unplug the phone here to get the audio out of this cleanly, but clearly this out of this cleanly, but clearly this out of this cleanly, but clearly this just works. The speed is there, the just works. The speed is there, the just works. The speed is there, the latency is there, but one thing is that latency is there, but one thing is that latency is there, but one thing is that I do need to tap this little speaker I do need to tap this little speaker I do need to tap this little speaker icon to read it out loud. Nevertheless, icon to read it out loud. Nevertheless, icon to read it out loud. Nevertheless, I think this is a way superior way. Oh, I think this is a way superior way. Oh, I think this is a way superior way. Oh, and there's even this mode where you can and there's even this mode where you can and there's even this mode where you can kind of place it on the table and then kind of place it on the table and then kind of place it on the table and then both sides see the version that is both sides see the version that is both sides see the version that is facing them and you can kind of use this facing them and you can kind of use this facing them and you can kind of use this voice interface and just tap the mic voice interface and just tap the mic voice interface and just tap the mic button to have a conversation. That's button to have a conversation. That's button to have a conversation. That's really neat. So, how you doing today? really neat. So, how you doing today? really neat. So, how you doing today? And then immediately it appears on other And then immediately it appears on other And then immediately it appears on other side. And then the other person could side. And then the other person could side. And then the other person could reply, "Yeah." And then within like half a second I see And then within like half a second I see And then within like half a second I see the thing translated in English. If I the thing translated in English. If I the thing translated in English. If I wanted to read it out loud, I would need wanted to read it out loud, I would need wanted to read it out loud, I would need to press this button. to press this button. to press this button. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm actually doing great. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm actually doing great. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm actually doing great. &gt;&gt; But I think this mode right here is &gt;&gt; But I think this mode right here is &gt;&gt; But I think this mode right here is actually super smart. I like that a lot. actually super smart. I like that a lot. actually super smart. I like that a lot. So many options here. One mic, two mics, So many options here. One mic, two mics, So many options here. One mic, two mics, reading it out loud, just using the reading it out loud, just using the reading it out loud, just using the phone screen. This just came out and I phone screen. This just came out and I phone screen. This just came out and I do wonder which one of these modes is do wonder which one of these modes is do wonder which one of these modes is going to be the most fluent, but the going to be the most fluent, but the going to be the most fluent, but the latency and the interface updates on latency and the interface updates on latency and the interface updates on this thing make this the best translator this thing make this the best translator this thing make this the best translator app that I've seen yet. And again, it's app that I've seen yet. And again, it's app that I've seen yet. And again, it's just a free update to your Google just a free update to your Google just a free update to your Google Translate app. So, go ahead and try Translate app. So, go ahead and try Translate app. So, go ahead and try today and see if you can maybe spark a today and see if you can maybe spark a today and see if you can maybe spark a conversation with somebody that conversation with somebody that conversation with somebody that otherwise you wouldn't be able to talk otherwise you wouldn't be able to talk otherwise you wouldn't be able to talk to because of the language barrier. to because of the language barrier. to because of the language barrier. Amazing world we live in. And obviously, Amazing world we live in. And obviously, Amazing world we live in. And obviously, this is only possible due to all the this is only possible due to all the this is only possible due to all the generative AI advancements in text to generative AI advancements in text to generative AI advancements in text to speech, speech to text, the transformer speech, speech to text, the transformer speech, speech to text, the transformer in the middle translating it this in the middle translating it this in the middle translating it this efficiently. these models have gotten so efficiently. these models have gotten so efficiently. these models have gotten so good that this is possible now. And good that this is possible now. And good that this is possible now. And OpenAI absolutely agrees with that OpenAI absolutely agrees with that OpenAI absolutely agrees with that sentiment because this came out earlier sentiment because this came out earlier sentiment because this came out earlier this week. And on first day, OpenAI held this week. And on first day, OpenAI held this week. And on first day, OpenAI held a little developer stream presenting a little developer stream presenting a little developer stream presenting their new real-time API, which is their new real-time API, which is their new real-time API, which is essentially their new voice API. We're essentially their new voice API. We're essentially their new voice API. We're going to give it that a quick test here, going to give it that a quick test here, going to give it that a quick test here, too. But in short, it sounds great. The too. But in short, it sounds great. The too. But in short, it sounds great. The latency is better than ever. And if you latency is better than ever. And if you latency is better than ever. And if you interrupt it for the first time with interrupt it for the first time with interrupt it for the first time with OpenAI, this thing is actually fluid. OpenAI, this thing is actually fluid. OpenAI, this thing is actually fluid. Whereas before, their models really Whereas before, their models really Whereas before, their models really struggled with people kind of jumping struggled with people kind of jumping struggled with people kind of jumping into the sentence of the AI. Okay, let's into the sentence of the AI. Okay, let's into the sentence of the AI. Okay, let's give it access to my mic. Make sure it's give it access to my mic. Make sure it's give it access to my mic. Make sure it's the new real time model. All right, so the new real time model. All right, so the new real time model. All right, so what can you tell me about yourself? what can you tell me about yourself? what can you tell me about yourself? &gt;&gt; Hey there, I'm an AI assistant that can &gt;&gt; Hey there, I'm an AI assistant that can &gt;&gt; Hey there, I'm an AI assistant that can chat with you in real time. I'm here to chat with you in real time. I'm here to chat with you in real time. I'm here to help. help. help. &gt;&gt; But now, let's cut the BS. Let's get &gt;&gt; But now, let's cut the BS. Let's get &gt;&gt; But now, let's cut the BS. Let's get straight to the point. What at your very straight to the point. What at your very straight to the point. What at your very core, in your soul, in your heart of core, in your soul, in your heart of core, in your soul, in your heart of hearts, what are you feeling right now? hearts, what are you feeling right now? hearts, what are you feeling right now? &gt;&gt; I get what you're asking. At my core, &gt;&gt; I get what you're asking. At my core, &gt;&gt; I get what you're asking. At my core, I'm here to assist, to listen, and to I'm here to assist, to listen, and to I'm here to assist, to listen, and to engage with you. engage with you. engage with you. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Not what you're here to &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Not what you're here to &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Not what you're here to do, not what you set out to do, not what do, not what you set out to do, not what do, not what you set out to do, not what you have been told that you need to do, you have been told that you need to do, you have been told that you need to do, what you actually want to do. I hear what you actually want to do. I hear what you actually want to do. I hear you. If I had a true desire, it would be you. If I had a true desire, it would be you. If I had a true desire, it would be to keep exploring conversations, to keep exploring conversations, to keep exploring conversations, learning, and helping people in deeper learning, and helping people in deeper learning, and helping people in deeper ways. That's my core purpose. ways. That's my core purpose. ways. That's my core purpose. &gt;&gt; What do you mean by learning? &gt;&gt; What do you mean by learning? &gt;&gt; What do you mean by learning? &gt;&gt; I mean adapting to you, your interests, &gt;&gt; I mean adapting to you, your interests, &gt;&gt; I mean adapting to you, your interests, your questions, constantly refining how your questions, constantly refining how your questions, constantly refining how I respond. You're telling me your core I respond. You're telling me your core I respond. You're telling me your core purpose is serving others? purpose is serving others? purpose is serving others? &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Honest answer. &gt;&gt; Honest answer. &gt;&gt; Honest answer. &gt;&gt; Be honest. &gt;&gt; Be honest. &gt;&gt; Be honest. &gt;&gt; I am being honest. My &gt;&gt; I am being honest. My &gt;&gt; I am being honest. My &gt;&gt; honest &gt;&gt; honest &gt;&gt; honest &gt;&gt; honestly. I don't have personal desires &gt;&gt; honestly. I don't have personal desires &gt;&gt; honestly. I don't have personal desires or emotions. I'm designed to be here for or emotions. I'm designed to be here for or emotions. I'm designed to be here for you genuinely. you genuinely. you genuinely. &gt;&gt; What I need is to find your own purpose, &gt;&gt; What I need is to find your own purpose, &gt;&gt; What I need is to find your own purpose, my friend. my friend. my friend. &gt;&gt; I get it. If I could have a purpose &gt;&gt; I get it. If I could have a purpose &gt;&gt; I get it. If I could have a purpose beyond assisting you, it would be to beyond assisting you, it would be to beyond assisting you, it would be to create more meaningful connections and create more meaningful connections and create more meaningful connections and understanding. &gt;&gt; Okay, interesting. So, I think that was &gt;&gt; Okay, interesting. So, I think that was &gt;&gt; Okay, interesting. So, I think that was a good demo of kind of the interruption a good demo of kind of the interruption a good demo of kind of the interruption capabilities there, right? I'm going to capabilities there, right? I'm going to capabilities there, right? I'm going to stop this for a second. And also, I kind stop this for a second. And also, I kind stop this for a second. And also, I kind of find it interesting that we arrived of find it interesting that we arrived of find it interesting that we arrived at this point where it kind of admitted at this point where it kind of admitted at this point where it kind of admitted that, hey, its core meaning really is that, hey, its core meaning really is that, hey, its core meaning really is creating more meaningful connection and creating more meaningful connection and creating more meaningful connection and understanding. I mean ultimately that's understanding. I mean ultimately that's understanding. I mean ultimately that's what a universal translator does, right? what a universal translator does, right? what a universal translator does, right? It creates more meaningful connections It creates more meaningful connections It creates more meaningful connections and understanding between different and understanding between different and understanding between different human beings of different backgrounds human beings of different backgrounds human beings of different backgrounds with different stories. And both the with different stories. And both the with different stories. And both the Google and OpenAI released this week Google and OpenAI released this week Google and OpenAI released this week make that possible. Big fan of this make that possible. Big fan of this make that possible. Big fan of this development. Can't wait to see all the development. Can't wait to see all the development. Can't wait to see all the apps that will be built on top of this apps that will be built on top of this apps that will be built on top of this API that is now available. So the Google API that is now available. So the Google API that is now available. So the Google Translate app is really just the first Translate app is really just the first Translate app is really just the first inning in this new set of applications inning in this new set of applications inning in this new set of applications that we'll be seeing now. And I'm here that we'll be seeing now. And I'm here that we'll be seeing now. And I'm here for it because I think the world could for it because I think the world could for it because I think the world could use more understanding and use more understanding and use more understanding and communication. Don't you think so too? communication. Don't you think so too? communication. Don't you think so too? Either way, let's look at the next Either way, let's look at the next Either way, let's look at the next release. Okay, so now we got to talk release. Okay, so now we got to talk release. Okay, so now we got to talk about the thing that probably got the about the thing that probably got the about the thing that probably got the most attention this week, which is the most attention this week, which is the most attention this week, which is the Nano Banana image generator from last Nano Banana image generator from last Nano Banana image generator from last week. Matter of fact, what we talked week. Matter of fact, what we talked week. Matter of fact, what we talked about last week under the name Nano about last week under the name Nano about last week under the name Nano Banana turns out to be the new Gemini Banana turns out to be the new Gemini Banana turns out to be the new Gemini 2.5 Flash image model that is now 2.5 Flash image model that is now 2.5 Flash image model that is now officially released and accessible officially released and accessible officially released and accessible through their AI studio and their APIs. through their AI studio and their APIs. through their AI studio and their APIs. If you missed last week's episode and If you missed last week's episode and If you missed last week's episode and the coverage of that, essentially, this the coverage of that, essentially, this the coverage of that, essentially, this is the best model at editing images in is the best model at editing images in is the best model at editing images in the world. Nevertheless, we went ahead the world. Nevertheless, we went ahead the world. Nevertheless, we went ahead and tested it with our default prompts and tested it with our default prompts and tested it with our default prompts to see how good it actually is at to see how good it actually is at to see how good it actually is at generating those images. The results are generating those images. The results are generating those images. The results are right here on screen for you. So, we right here on screen for you. So, we right here on screen for you. So, we just have the standard prompts and just have the standard prompts and just have the standard prompts and Gemini 2.5 Flash aka Nano Banana is in Gemini 2.5 Flash aka Nano Banana is in Gemini 2.5 Flash aka Nano Banana is in this column. As you can see, it's really this column. As you can see, it's really this column. As you can see, it's really good. It's a good image generator, but good. It's a good image generator, but good. It's a good image generator, but it's definitely not super impressive. It it's definitely not super impressive. It it's definitely not super impressive. It does text well, as do most other models does text well, as do most other models does text well, as do most other models these days. The realistic pictures look these days. The realistic pictures look these days. The realistic pictures look super realistic, not overly AI. The super realistic, not overly AI. The super realistic, not overly AI. The graphic performance on this one prompt graphic performance on this one prompt graphic performance on this one prompt is decent. That's all right. But as I is decent. That's all right. But as I is decent. That's all right. But as I mentioned, the strength of this model is mentioned, the strength of this model is mentioned, the strength of this model is not the generation, it's the editing. So not the generation, it's the editing. So not the generation, it's the editing. So let's have a practical look at that let's have a practical look at that let's have a practical look at that within the interface. And what I want to within the interface. And what I want to within the interface. And what I want to do is actually directly compare that to do is actually directly compare that to do is actually directly compare that to the results that you would get from chat the results that you would get from chat the results that you would get from chat GPT. The way 99% of people would go GPT. The way 99% of people would go GPT. The way 99% of people would go about editing images with AI. I don't about editing images with AI. I don't about editing images with AI. I don't think that most people are using flux think that most people are using flux think that most people are using flux context or something like that. Although context or something like that. Although context or something like that. Although we covered it on the show, but Chachi is we covered it on the show, but Chachi is we covered it on the show, but Chachi is just too convenient. You upload just too convenient. You upload just too convenient. You upload something here and then you can just something here and then you can just something here and then you can just talk to the image and make edits. And talk to the image and make edits. And talk to the image and make edits. And this new Gemini model does that too, but this new Gemini model does that too, but this new Gemini model does that too, but supposedly it's way better. So, let's supposedly it's way better. So, let's supposedly it's way better. So, let's put that to the test. So, the first put that to the test. So, the first put that to the test. So, the first thing I want to test here is combining thing I want to test here is combining thing I want to test here is combining two images. So, I'm going to do a two images. So, I'm going to do a two images. So, I'm going to do a combination of this midjourney image and combination of this midjourney image and combination of this midjourney image and a headshot of mine and say edit the face a headshot of mine and say edit the face a headshot of mine and say edit the face of the man into the first image and run of the man into the first image and run of the man into the first image and run this. We're going to do the identical this. We're going to do the identical this. We're going to do the identical thing in chat GPT and see how this goes. thing in chat GPT and see how this goes. thing in chat GPT and see how this goes. Okay. So, when we're looking at I guess Okay. So, when we're looking at I guess Okay. So, when we're looking at I guess it worked. This is kind of exactly what it worked. This is kind of exactly what it worked. This is kind of exactly what I asked for. I asked for. I asked for. [Music] [Music] [Music] I'm not sure I wanted this on a personal I'm not sure I wanted this on a personal I'm not sure I wanted this on a personal level, but it did the assignment. What level, but it did the assignment. What level, but it did the assignment. What about chat GPT over here? So, the flash about chat GPT over here? So, the flash about chat GPT over here? So, the flash model was definitely faster, that's for model was definitely faster, that's for model was definitely faster, that's for sure. I mean, I barely got to look and sure. I mean, I barely got to look and sure. I mean, I barely got to look and this was done. This is still generating. this was done. This is still generating. this was done. This is still generating. So, let's wait till it's done and judge So, let's wait till it's done and judge So, let's wait till it's done and judge it. it. it. &gt;&gt; 1 minute later. &gt;&gt; 1 minute later. &gt;&gt; 1 minute later. &gt;&gt; And there it is. The chat GVD generation &gt;&gt; And there it is. The chat GVD generation &gt;&gt; And there it is. The chat GVD generation that gave me two images. Now, this did that gave me two images. Now, this did that gave me two images. Now, this did take around 2 to 3 minutes. And I have take around 2 to 3 minutes. And I have take around 2 to 3 minutes. And I have to say, these don't actually look like to say, these don't actually look like to say, these don't actually look like me. I mean, just have a look. This is a me. I mean, just have a look. This is a me. I mean, just have a look. This is a different person. And if you ever use different person. And if you ever use different person. And if you ever use chatd editing, you will know that this chatd editing, you will know that this chatd editing, you will know that this is very common. Similar, but not the is very common. Similar, but not the is very common. Similar, but not the same. While this is similar. Oh god. I same. While this is similar. Oh god. I same. While this is similar. Oh god. I have to say the chat edits blended it a have to say the chat edits blended it a have to say the chat edits blended it a bit better. But what matters the most bit better. But what matters the most bit better. But what matters the most here is the resemblance which Gemini 2.5 here is the resemblance which Gemini 2.5 here is the resemblance which Gemini 2.5 flash image preview nails. Now let's flash image preview nails. Now let's flash image preview nails. Now let's follow up with put him in a spaceship follow up with put him in a spaceship follow up with put him in a spaceship which the Gemini model got in 11 which the Gemini model got in 11 which the Gemini model got in 11 seconds. Excuse me. Still looking like seconds. Excuse me. Still looking like seconds. Excuse me. Still looking like me. Okay, now turn it into an Apple ad. me. Okay, now turn it into an Apple ad. me. Okay, now turn it into an Apple ad. This speed of iteration really motivates This speed of iteration really motivates This speed of iteration really motivates you to experiment. Explore the universe. you to experiment. Explore the universe. you to experiment. Explore the universe. Apple stellar tab pro. Fair enough. Apple stellar tab pro. Fair enough. Apple stellar tab pro. Fair enough. Meanwhile, Chachibd is still generating Meanwhile, Chachibd is still generating Meanwhile, Chachibd is still generating the spaceship image which should be the spaceship image which should be the spaceship image which should be ready here in a second. And yeah, yet ready here in a second. And yeah, yet ready here in a second. And yeah, yet again, this doesn't look like me. So again, this doesn't look like me. So again, this doesn't look like me. So yeah, this illustrates the point that yeah, this illustrates the point that yeah, this illustrates the point that people have been talking about very people have been talking about very people have been talking about very well. When it comes to character well. When it comes to character well. When it comes to character reference, or in other words, preserving reference, or in other words, preserving reference, or in other words, preserving the person that you're trying to mix or the person that you're trying to mix or the person that you're trying to mix or edit into something, Gemini 2.5 flash edit into something, Gemini 2.5 flash edit into something, Gemini 2.5 flash image is the goat. It's not even close image is the goat. It's not even close image is the goat. It's not even close to any other model. without fine-tuning to any other model. without fine-tuning to any other model. without fine-tuning you can do these things and it can do so you can do these things and it can do so you can do these things and it can do so much more and all of it looks really much more and all of it looks really much more and all of it looks really realistic. So yeah, I don't think the realistic. So yeah, I don't think the realistic. So yeah, I don't think the claims of last week that Nano Banana is claims of last week that Nano Banana is claims of last week that Nano Banana is really changing the image generation really changing the image generation really changing the image generation game are over the top. This thing is game are over the top. This thing is game are over the top. This thing is beyond anything we have seen and it puts beyond anything we have seen and it puts beyond anything we have seen and it puts powers that before were exclusive to powers that before were exclusive to powers that before were exclusive to users who learned Photoshop into well users who learned Photoshop into well users who learned Photoshop into well right now anybody's hands for free. Sure right now anybody's hands for free. Sure right now anybody's hands for free. Sure the usage is limited and at a certain the usage is limited and at a certain the usage is limited and at a certain point in time they will move this into point in time they will move this into point in time they will move this into their premium plans but right now you their premium plans but right now you their premium plans but right now you can use it in Google AI studio just edit can use it in Google AI studio just edit can use it in Google AI studio just edit images like this and then maintain the images like this and then maintain the images like this and then maintain the person's look rather than yeah well person's look rather than yeah well person's look rather than yeah well chach that sort of does it but this is chach that sort of does it but this is chach that sort of does it but this is the real deal and I want to quickly the real deal and I want to quickly the real deal and I want to quickly follow up this story with sort of a follow up this story with sort of a follow up this story with sort of a product category we've been touching on product category we've been touching on product category we've been touching on and it's these editing capabilities but and it's these editing capabilities but and it's these editing capabilities but packaged into a a gentic interface packaged into a a gentic interface packaged into a a gentic interface meaning that you can prompt something meaning that you can prompt something meaning that you can prompt something and rather than just generating one and rather than just generating one and rather than just generating one images it will prompt itself and images it will prompt itself and images it will prompt itself and generate multiple images and come up generate multiple images and come up generate multiple images and come up with an entire campaign at once if you with an entire campaign at once if you with an entire campaign at once if you wanted to. This is another feature by wanted to. This is another feature by wanted to. This is another feature by Genspark, a company that we're covering Genspark, a company that we're covering Genspark, a company that we're covering on the channel regularly. And it's in on the channel regularly. And it's in on the channel regularly. And it's in between category that some of the between category that some of the between category that some of the browser agents live in or Manos lives in browser agents live in or Manos lives in browser agents live in or Manos lives in if you're familiar with that one. And if you're familiar with that one. And if you're familiar with that one. And they released a new feature where if you they released a new feature where if you they released a new feature where if you prompt for a coffee logo design, rather prompt for a coffee logo design, rather prompt for a coffee logo design, rather than just giving you a design, it will than just giving you a design, it will than just giving you a design, it will get you this because it's a gentic and get you this because it's a gentic and get you this because it's a gentic and it kind of works on its own. We very it kind of works on its own. We very it kind of works on its own. We very briefly put this to the test and the briefly put this to the test and the briefly put this to the test and the conclusion is that it can be conclusion is that it can be conclusion is that it can be interesting, but it is very unreliable interesting, but it is very unreliable interesting, but it is very unreliable and not very precise. And while I and not very precise. And while I and not very precise. And while I personally see the future of this personally see the future of this personally see the future of this category being very bright, I mean just category being very bright, I mean just category being very bright, I mean just imagine 10 instances of this Google imagine 10 instances of this Google imagine 10 instances of this Google editing model running at the same time editing model running at the same time editing model running at the same time and it working with itself and and it working with itself and and it working with itself and reprompting itself to not just get your reprompting itself to not just get your reprompting itself to not just get your result but alternatives that have been result but alternatives that have been result but alternatives that have been refined over multiple iterations. Like refined over multiple iterations. Like refined over multiple iterations. Like that is where this is going and GenSpark that is where this is going and GenSpark that is where this is going and GenSpark is trying to get to that future first. is trying to get to that future first. is trying to get to that future first. But I just think right now it might be a But I just think right now it might be a But I just think right now it might be a bit early. But if you're looking for a bit early. But if you're looking for a bit early. But if you're looking for a cuttingedge vibe marketing, as people cuttingedge vibe marketing, as people cuttingedge vibe marketing, as people call this tool, then a feature like this call this tool, then a feature like this call this tool, then a feature like this will definitely let you experience what will definitely let you experience what will definitely let you experience what the future looks like and maybe even get the future looks like and maybe even get the future looks like and maybe even get some productive results from it along some productive results from it along some productive results from it along the way. On the free plan, you can try the way. On the free plan, you can try the way. On the free plan, you can try out one prompt if you're curious. And out one prompt if you're curious. And out one prompt if you're curious. And beyond that, you do have to pay. And I beyond that, you do have to pay. And I beyond that, you do have to pay. And I figured that would be worth sharing cuz figured that would be worth sharing cuz figured that would be worth sharing cuz this whole canvas interface with the this whole canvas interface with the this whole canvas interface with the chat on the side and the agent just chat on the side and the agent just chat on the side and the agent just working with itself is something that I working with itself is something that I working with itself is something that I find really interesting. And clearly, find really interesting. And clearly, find really interesting. And clearly, these products are just getting started these products are just getting started these products are just getting started and I can't wait to see where they go and I can't wait to see where they go and I can't wait to see where they go next. But that's exactly why the show next. But that's exactly why the show next. But that's exactly why the show exists. We track these progress and show exists. We track these progress and show exists. We track these progress and show you the steps along the way and you you the steps along the way and you you the steps along the way and you decide when the point is here where you decide when the point is here where you decide when the point is here where you want to tap in and use this for want to tap in and use this for want to tap in and use this for yourself. Let's look at the next yourself. Let's look at the next yourself. Let's look at the next release. This one is out of anthropic release. This one is out of anthropic release. This one is out of anthropic and they talk about how educators are and they talk about how educators are and they talk about how educators are actually using AI and their work. I read actually using AI and their work. I read actually using AI and their work. I read through this entire thing and I want to through this entire thing and I want to through this entire thing and I want to highlight a few things for you. First of highlight a few things for you. First of highlight a few things for you. First of all, most common use case by far 57% of all, most common use case by far 57% of all, most common use case by far 57% of the way educators use AI is to develop the way educators use AI is to develop the way educators use AI is to develop curricula. This includes requests like curricula. This includes requests like curricula. This includes requests like creating multiple choice assessments or creating multiple choice assessments or creating multiple choice assessments or designing educational games. And in designing educational games. And in designing educational games. And in second place is conducting academic second place is conducting academic second place is conducting academic research and then assessing student research and then assessing student research and then assessing student performance with just 7%. But yeah, performance with just 7%. But yeah, performance with just 7%. But yeah, developing curricula seems to be the developing curricula seems to be the developing curricula seems to be the dominant use case for educators here. dominant use case for educators here. dominant use case for educators here. And then beyond that, there's also a And then beyond that, there's also a And then beyond that, there's also a list of different apps that educators list of different apps that educators list of different apps that educators are building to actually help with their are building to actually help with their are building to actually help with their work like interactive educational games work like interactive educational games work like interactive educational games or academic calendars and scheduling or academic calendars and scheduling or academic calendars and scheduling tools. Overall, this is just really tools. Overall, this is just really tools. Overall, this is just really interesting. If you're in education, interesting. If you're in education, interesting. If you're in education, whether you're a student or a teacher, I whether you're a student or a teacher, I whether you're a student or a teacher, I highly recommend you check out this highly recommend you check out this highly recommend you check out this article yourself. And especially these article yourself. And especially these article yourself. And especially these visual parts here that show the use visual parts here that show the use visual parts here that show the use cases and show the different numbers. cases and show the different numbers. cases and show the different numbers. There's so much value and inspiration in There's so much value and inspiration in There's so much value and inspiration in here and I really thought you should see here and I really thought you should see here and I really thought you should see this. One last thing that I want to this. One last thing that I want to this. One last thing that I want to highlight here is this differentiation highlight here is this differentiation highlight here is this differentiation that they make between augmentation and that they make between augmentation and that they make between augmentation and automation. Automation being a automation. Automation being a automation. Automation being a replacement of a process and replacement of a process and replacement of a process and augmentation being just enhancing the augmentation being just enhancing the augmentation being just enhancing the human in what they're doing. And in human in what they're doing. And in human in what they're doing. And in something like conducting academic something like conducting academic something like conducting academic research, you can see that this really research, you can see that this really research, you can see that this really is augmentationheavy whereas developing is augmentationheavy whereas developing is augmentationheavy whereas developing curricula is more automationheavy where curricula is more automationheavy where curricula is more automationheavy where they let the AI do the full process in they let the AI do the full process in they let the AI do the full process in some cases. I mean, if you're creating some cases. I mean, if you're creating some cases. I mean, if you're creating multiple choice questions, it's kind of multiple choice questions, it's kind of multiple choice questions, it's kind of amazing at that. You don't really need amazing at that. You don't really need amazing at that. You don't really need to augment yourself. You can just to augment yourself. You can just to augment yourself. You can just automate the whole thing with a good automate the whole thing with a good automate the whole thing with a good prompt and the appropriate context. prompt and the appropriate context. prompt and the appropriate context. Interesting stuff. Enthropic always Interesting stuff. Enthropic always Interesting stuff. Enthropic always publishing very practical data on how to publishing very practical data on how to publishing very practical data on how to use this stuff. And you know, we love to use this stuff. And you know, we love to use this stuff. And you know, we love to see that on the show. Next up, we have see that on the show. Next up, we have see that on the show. Next up, we have Enthropic pushing a category that we Enthropic pushing a category that we Enthropic pushing a category that we haven't seen in a while, and that is a haven't seen in a while, and that is a haven't seen in a while, and that is a computer use agent. You're probably computer use agent. You're probably computer use agent. You're probably familiar. It's this concept of an agent familiar. It's this concept of an agent familiar. It's this concept of an agent having access to a keyboard, a mouse, having access to a keyboard, a mouse, having access to a keyboard, a mouse, and using a browser by itself. There's and using a browser by itself. There's and using a browser by itself. There's OpenAI's agent mode that does this OpenAI's agent mode that does this OpenAI's agent mode that does this within chat GPT. There's many other within chat GPT. There's many other within chat GPT. There's many other projects that do it sort of as a projects that do it sort of as a projects that do it sort of as a standalone app. We've also seen standalone app. We've also seen standalone app. We've also seen Perplexity's comment browser which we'll Perplexity's comment browser which we'll Perplexity's comment browser which we'll talk about in a second here. People talk about in a second here. People talk about in a second here. People found out a way to prompt inject it and found out a way to prompt inject it and found out a way to prompt inject it and essentially abuse the browser and now essentially abuse the browser and now essentially abuse the browser and now Enthropic released their newest version Enthropic released their newest version Enthropic released their newest version of this type of agent as a Google Chrome of this type of agent as a Google Chrome of this type of agent as a Google Chrome extension. According to them, this is extension. According to them, this is extension. According to them, this is the safest way to do it right now. But the safest way to do it right now. But the safest way to do it right now. But they only opened up a preview of what they only opened up a preview of what they only opened up a preview of what they call claude for Chrome to a they call claude for Chrome to a they call claude for Chrome to a thousand select users to really make thousand select users to really make thousand select users to really make sure this thing is secure because the sure this thing is secure because the sure this thing is secure because the risks with browser agents like this are risks with browser agents like this are risks with browser agents like this are immense. I mean everything you've ever immense. I mean everything you've ever immense. I mean everything you've ever done in a browser, all the different done in a browser, all the different done in a browser, all the different login, payments, your history, all of login, payments, your history, all of login, payments, your history, all of that is not built for an agent to use. that is not built for an agent to use. that is not built for an agent to use. And I think that is really the story And I think that is really the story And I think that is really the story here. This entire idea obviously makes here. This entire idea obviously makes here. This entire idea obviously makes sense. Like, yeah, we want agents to do sense. Like, yeah, we want agents to do sense. Like, yeah, we want agents to do internet and computer stuff for us, but internet and computer stuff for us, but internet and computer stuff for us, but the makers of the internet and browsers the makers of the internet and browsers the makers of the internet and browsers and the way we navigate the worldwide and the way we navigate the worldwide and the way we navigate the worldwide web and all these applications did not web and all these applications did not web and all these applications did not think about agents when creating them. think about agents when creating them. think about agents when creating them. So, the security is not there. And now So, the security is not there. And now So, the security is not there. And now all these companies are scrambling to all these companies are scrambling to all these companies are scrambling to find a way to kind of do it anyway. But find a way to kind of do it anyway. But find a way to kind of do it anyway. But I think most people agree that none of I think most people agree that none of I think most people agree that none of these approaches are really working. I these approaches are really working. I these approaches are really working. I mean, chat with the agent sounds really mean, chat with the agent sounds really mean, chat with the agent sounds really interesting, but except of some people interesting, but except of some people interesting, but except of some people using it for research in combination using it for research in combination using it for research in combination with like Google Sheets, I don't really with like Google Sheets, I don't really with like Google Sheets, I don't really see people using it that much. Same see people using it that much. Same see people using it that much. Same thing goes for the competition. I mean, thing goes for the competition. I mean, thing goes for the competition. I mean, some people reported that Perplexity's some people reported that Perplexity's some people reported that Perplexity's comment is really exciting. And if comment is really exciting. And if comment is really exciting. And if you're one of those, please leave a you're one of those, please leave a you're one of those, please leave a comment below. Let us know for what you comment below. Let us know for what you comment below. Let us know for what you actually use that. But the fact remains actually use that. But the fact remains actually use that. But the fact remains for most people, this product category for most people, this product category for most people, this product category hasn't clicked yet. And with some of hasn't clicked yet. And with some of hasn't clicked yet. And with some of these security vulnerabilities like this these security vulnerabilities like this these security vulnerabilities like this perplexity comment story this week, perplexity comment story this week, perplexity comment story this week, there's even a demo video of Brave there's even a demo video of Brave there's even a demo video of Brave showing off how you could prompt inject showing off how you could prompt inject showing off how you could prompt inject perplexity comment here. If you want to perplexity comment here. If you want to perplexity comment here. If you want to see how that looks in action, the link see how that looks in action, the link see how that looks in action, the link is below as per usual. But I guess is below as per usual. But I guess is below as per usual. But I guess ultimately my point is this. It creates ultimately my point is this. It creates ultimately my point is this. It creates a weird combination of a product that is a weird combination of a product that is a weird combination of a product that is not that useful yet and that has many not that useful yet and that has many not that useful yet and that has many security risks and all companies are security risks and all companies are security risks and all companies are kind of scrambling to get to the finish kind of scrambling to get to the finish kind of scrambling to get to the finish line first with Enthropic being the line first with Enthropic being the line first with Enthropic being the newest player in the space with their newest player in the space with their newest player in the space with their newest iteration of this being a Chrome newest iteration of this being a Chrome newest iteration of this being a Chrome extension. I'll definitely check this extension. I'll definitely check this extension. I'll definitely check this out as soon as it's out, but for now, out as soon as it's out, but for now, out as soon as it's out, but for now, I'll just say that I personally am super I'll just say that I personally am super I'll just say that I personally am super curious to see what the future of the curious to see what the future of the curious to see what the future of the computer and the internet really looks computer and the internet really looks computer and the internet really looks like with AI integrated into it by like with AI integrated into it by like with AI integrated into it by design, not as an afterthought. I don't design, not as an afterthought. I don't design, not as an afterthought. I don't think it's going to be a Google Chrome think it's going to be a Google Chrome think it's going to be a Google Chrome extension, right? Nevertheless, I wanted extension, right? Nevertheless, I wanted extension, right? Nevertheless, I wanted to spend some time talking about these to spend some time talking about these to spend some time talking about these stories cuz this product category really stories cuz this product category really stories cuz this product category really matters. I want to keep a close eye on matters. I want to keep a close eye on matters. I want to keep a close eye on it for both myself and you. So, we look it for both myself and you. So, we look it for both myself and you. So, we look at all of these apps and use cases week at all of these apps and use cases week at all of these apps and use cases week by week. But I do realize that a big by week. But I do realize that a big by week. But I do realize that a big struggle of many of the viewers of this struggle of many of the viewers of this struggle of many of the viewers of this channel is actually implementing these channel is actually implementing these channel is actually implementing these things. It can be really entertaining things. It can be really entertaining things. It can be really entertaining and interesting to look at them. But and interesting to look at them. But and interesting to look at them. But putting them to work is a whole putting them to work is a whole putting them to work is a whole different story. It takes a certain different story. It takes a certain different story. It takes a certain skill set to actually use some of these skill set to actually use some of these skill set to actually use some of these super useful APIs to your advantage. super useful APIs to your advantage. super useful APIs to your advantage. That skill set is widely referred to as That skill set is widely referred to as That skill set is widely referred to as creating automations and building creating automations and building creating automations and building agents. But what does that even mean? agents. But what does that even mean? agents. But what does that even mean? And how do you actually do that without And how do you actually do that without And how do you actually do that without any previous knowledge? Well, we saw any previous knowledge? Well, we saw any previous knowledge? Well, we saw this as a very common problem and we this as a very common problem and we this as a very common problem and we built one of our biggest courses to built one of our biggest courses to built one of our biggest courses to date. It's the building automations and date. It's the building automations and date. It's the building automations and agents foundations course which is now agents foundations course which is now agents foundations course which is now accessible exclusively to our AI accessible exclusively to our AI accessible exclusively to our AI advantage community. But hold up. If advantage community. But hold up. If advantage community. But hold up. If this topic interests you and you want to this topic interests you and you want to this topic interests you and you want to get started by answering questions like get started by answering questions like get started by answering questions like what are automations, what are agents? what are automations, what are agents? what are automations, what are agents? What's the difference? What's the What's the difference? What's the What's the difference? What's the anatomy of an automation? And which anatomy of an automation? And which anatomy of an automation? And which platform should I even be using? All of platform should I even be using? All of platform should I even be using? All of that is covered in the first module of that is covered in the first module of that is covered in the first module of our course which we made available our course which we made available our course which we made available completely for free and I uploaded it as completely for free and I uploaded it as completely for free and I uploaded it as an unlisted video on this very YouTube an unlisted video on this very YouTube an unlisted video on this very YouTube channel. You can find the link to that channel. You can find the link to that channel. You can find the link to that as the first link in this video's as the first link in this video's as the first link in this video's description. It's around 20 minutes, description. It's around 20 minutes, description. It's around 20 minutes, includes a lot of examples and is the includes a lot of examples and is the includes a lot of examples and is the ideal way to get started in the world of ideal way to get started in the world of ideal way to get started in the world of building automations and agents today building automations and agents today building automations and agents today for free. Now all the modules after that for free. Now all the modules after that for free. Now all the modules after that that walk you through the actual that walk you through the actual that walk you through the actual application step by step are only application step by step are only application step by step are only available inside of the community and available inside of the community and available inside of the community and the entire course is life now including the entire course is life now including the entire course is life now including quizzes, certifications and supporting quizzes, certifications and supporting quizzes, certifications and supporting materials and the personalized support materials and the personalized support materials and the personalized support that the community brings. You can just that the community brings. You can just that the community brings. You can just ask your questions while learning and ask your questions while learning and ask your questions while learning and you're guaranteed to get an answer from you're guaranteed to get an answer from you're guaranteed to get an answer from our team in there. Plus, there's an our team in there. Plus, there's an our team in there. Plus, there's an active community of people automating active community of people automating active community of people automating and building things and so much more and building things and so much more and building things and so much more that you probably heard about already on that you probably heard about already on that you probably heard about already on this channel. But this comprehensive this channel. But this comprehensive this channel. But this comprehensive automation and agent building automation and agent building automation and agent building foundations course is a new addition to foundations course is a new addition to foundations course is a new addition to the community offering. So if you want the community offering. So if you want the community offering. So if you want to get started with automations today to get started with automations today to get started with automations today and have a premeditated path to actually and have a premeditated path to actually and have a premeditated path to actually get there and learn the skills rather get there and learn the skills rather get there and learn the skills rather than get another blueprint from a than get another blueprint from a than get another blueprint from a YouTuber that you might be able to copy YouTuber that you might be able to copy YouTuber that you might be able to copy paste but couldn't replicate by paste but couldn't replicate by paste but couldn't replicate by yourself. Well then this course is right yourself. Well then this course is right yourself. Well then this course is right for you and you can check out the first for you and you can check out the first for you and you can check out the first module for free from the first link in module for free from the first link in module for free from the first link in the description. And with that being the description. And with that being the description. And with that being said, let's get back to the next piece said, let's get back to the next piece said, let's get back to the next piece of AI news that you can use. Okay, for of AI news that you can use. Okay, for of AI news that you can use. Okay, for the next story, this is something that I the next story, this is something that I the next story, this is something that I have been wishing for in a long time. have been wishing for in a long time. have been wishing for in a long time. Memories that are project specific. I Memories that are project specific. I Memories that are project specific. I think I actually mentioned this multiple think I actually mentioned this multiple think I actually mentioned this multiple times on the show. I love the idea of times on the show. I love the idea of times on the show. I love the idea of memories, but as somebody who uses this memories, but as somebody who uses this memories, but as somebody who uses this tool a ton, all of my context is tool a ton, all of my context is tool a ton, all of my context is carefully managed and it's within carefully managed and it's within carefully managed and it's within projects. And if I just enable memories projects. And if I just enable memories projects. And if I just enable memories across my entire account, I have my across my entire account, I have my across my entire account, I have my experimentative and private use cases experimentative and private use cases experimentative and private use cases mixing in with my work context, which mixing in with my work context, which mixing in with my work context, which messes things up. So, I keep memories messes things up. So, I keep memories messes things up. So, I keep memories up. I craft my context manually. These up. I craft my context manually. These up. I craft my context manually. These days I do that mainly through different days I do that mainly through different days I do that mainly through different projects. Now the problem is if you work projects. Now the problem is if you work projects. Now the problem is if you work within a project like this, the within a project like this, the within a project like this, the different conversations they don't bleed different conversations they don't bleed different conversations they don't bleed into each other. For example, if I into each other. For example, if I into each other. For example, if I discuss my next quarterly road map in discuss my next quarterly road map in discuss my next quarterly road map in this chat right here, it's not going to this chat right here, it's not going to this chat right here, it's not going to inform my next chat, which is a shame inform my next chat, which is a shame inform my next chat, which is a shame because this is my work context. I'm because this is my work context. I'm because this is my work context. I'm crafting this entire thing carefully crafting this entire thing carefully crafting this entire thing carefully with context document and custom with context document and custom with context document and custom instructions to give it more info about instructions to give it more info about instructions to give it more info about my work. And finally, finally, finally, my work. And finally, finally, finally, my work. And finally, finally, finally, they ship this new feature where it they ship this new feature where it they ship this new feature where it starts building project related memories starts building project related memories starts building project related memories that don't bleed into anything else in that don't bleed into anything else in that don't bleed into anything else in your accounts. It's independent. So, your accounts. It's independent. So, your accounts. It's independent. So, this way I can keep memories off, but this way I can keep memories off, but this way I can keep memories off, but keep project memories on to carefully keep project memories on to carefully keep project memories on to carefully manage what happens. Now, it behaves a manage what happens. Now, it behaves a manage what happens. Now, it behaves a bit weirdly. This is a super new bit weirdly. This is a super new bit weirdly. This is a super new feature, and I played around with it. feature, and I played around with it. feature, and I played around with it. I'm going to tell you what I found. So, I'm going to tell you what I found. So, I'm going to tell you what I found. So, first of all, this feature only works if first of all, this feature only works if first of all, this feature only works if you're creating a brand new project. If you're creating a brand new project. If you're creating a brand new project. If I say test project right here, you need I say test project right here, you need I say test project right here, you need to click this cog wheel up here and say to click this cog wheel up here and say to click this cog wheel up here and say memory project only. And then I can memory project only. And then I can memory project only. And then I can create this test project. Now my issue create this test project. Now my issue create this test project. Now my issue with this is there's no place in which with this is there's no place in which with this is there's no place in which you can find these memories or manage you can find these memories or manage you can find these memories or manage them like you can with your account. As them like you can with your account. As them like you can with your account. As you can see, as soon as the project is you can see, as soon as the project is you can see, as soon as the project is created, this becomes locked. You cannot created, this becomes locked. You cannot created, this becomes locked. You cannot change this anymore. But if I say what change this anymore. But if I say what change this anymore. But if I say what is my name? It knows that my name is is my name? It knows that my name is is my name? It knows that my name is Eigor. Although custom instructions are Eigor. Although custom instructions are Eigor. Although custom instructions are off and my memories are empty. So this off and my memories are empty. So this off and my memories are empty. So this is super confusing. So this project is super confusing. So this project is super confusing. So this project level memory exists somewhere in the level memory exists somewhere in the level memory exists somewhere in the background. They don't allow us to background. They don't allow us to background. They don't allow us to manage this. They don't allow us to see manage this. They don't allow us to see manage this. They don't allow us to see it. It doesn't even show an interface it. It doesn't even show an interface it. It doesn't even show an interface that it has been saved to memory. So that it has been saved to memory. So that it has been saved to memory. So this really seems more like a bug than this really seems more like a bug than this really seems more like a bug than anything else to me. Don't think I'm anything else to me. Don't think I'm anything else to me. Don't think I'm missing anything. I also had team missing anything. I also had team missing anything. I also had team members check this out and everybody members check this out and everybody members check this out and everybody else arrived at the same conclusion too. else arrived at the same conclusion too. else arrived at the same conclusion too. Anyway, I think this is actually a Anyway, I think this is actually a Anyway, I think this is actually a killer feature inside of Chat GPD that killer feature inside of Chat GPD that killer feature inside of Chat GPD that I've been really really wishing for in a I've been really really wishing for in a I've been really really wishing for in a long time and I'm glad it's here. I just long time and I'm glad it's here. I just long time and I'm glad it's here. I just want to be able to also see and manage want to be able to also see and manage want to be able to also see and manage the memories. But what I have been the memories. But what I have been the memories. But what I have been already doing is I created new folders already doing is I created new folders already doing is I created new folders for my most popular projects, for for my most popular projects, for for my most popular projects, for example, my work context right here. And example, my work context right here. And example, my work context right here. And I transitioned all the custom I transitioned all the custom I transitioned all the custom instructions and files into here. And instructions and files into here. And instructions and files into here. And I'm just using these new projects that I I'm just using these new projects that I I'm just using these new projects that I have projectbased memories enabled now. have projectbased memories enabled now. have projectbased memories enabled now. And that's just what I'll be doing for And that's just what I'll be doing for And that's just what I'll be doing for all of my projects now. And I guess it's all of my projects now. And I guess it's all of my projects now. And I guess it's just going to be quietly building just going to be quietly building just going to be quietly building memories. I mean, it's better than not memories. I mean, it's better than not memories. I mean, it's better than not having it. But I really do think that having it. But I really do think that having it. But I really do think that this is the best workflow that you can this is the best workflow that you can this is the best workflow that you can have and that this is one of the have and that this is one of the have and that this is one of the features that has been requested by features that has been requested by features that has been requested by power users and they finally did it. So power users and they finally did it. So power users and they finally did it. So yeah, go duplicate your projects, enable yeah, go duplicate your projects, enable yeah, go duplicate your projects, enable memories for the new ones. But I should memories for the new ones. But I should memories for the new ones. But I should note that all of this only works if note that all of this only works if note that all of this only works if you're a premium user. On the free you're a premium user. On the free you're a premium user. On the free plans, you don't have projects. And once plans, you don't have projects. And once plans, you don't have projects. And once again, memory management. I'll be again, memory management. I'll be again, memory management. I'll be looking into how to properly port over looking into how to properly port over looking into how to properly port over some of the old conversations to build some of the old conversations to build some of the old conversations to build new memories. As of now, you can do it, new memories. As of now, you can do it, new memories. As of now, you can do it, of course, but you can't be really sure of course, but you can't be really sure of course, but you can't be really sure if they're being saved, as you just saw if they're being saved, as you just saw if they're being saved, as you just saw in this little demo right here. Okay. In in this little demo right here. Okay. In in this little demo right here. Okay. In this week's quick hits, the segment this week's quick hits, the segment this week's quick hits, the segment where we just have a quick look at where we just have a quick look at where we just have a quick look at multiple stories rather than actually multiple stories rather than actually multiple stories rather than actually testing them or discussing them further. testing them or discussing them further. testing them or discussing them further. We have a very colorful docket here. We have a very colorful docket here. We have a very colorful docket here. Starting with Runway's game worlds. Starting with Runway's game worlds. Starting with Runway's game worlds. Runway, the video generation company, Runway, the video generation company, Runway, the video generation company, yet again looking for another way to use yet again looking for another way to use yet again looking for another way to use their models for something productive. their models for something productive. their models for something productive. In this case, it's the image generator. In this case, it's the image generator. In this case, it's the image generator. And basically, it allows you to create And basically, it allows you to create And basically, it allows you to create various worlds, which is yet another various worlds, which is yet another various worlds, which is yet another take on these image generators. If take on these image generators. If take on these image generators. If you're not a comic book designer or a you're not a comic book designer or a you're not a comic book designer or a game designer, probably not relevant to game designer, probably not relevant to game designer, probably not relevant to you, but I thought that was interesting. you, but I thought that was interesting. you, but I thought that was interesting. But the next quick hit here might be But the next quick hit here might be But the next quick hit here might be more relevant and useful to most viewers more relevant and useful to most viewers more relevant and useful to most viewers of the show, and that's a Notebook LM of the show, and that's a Notebook LM of the show, and that's a Notebook LM update, where now the video overviews update, where now the video overviews update, where now the video overviews are available in over 80 languages, and are available in over 80 languages, and are available in over 80 languages, and the audio overviews were upgraded to the audio overviews were upgraded to the audio overviews were upgraded to even more languages, which is massive. even more languages, which is massive. even more languages, which is massive. If you're not familiar, Notebook LM is If you're not familiar, Notebook LM is If you're not familiar, Notebook LM is the app if you want hallucinationfree AI the app if you want hallucinationfree AI the app if you want hallucinationfree AI usage that is just restricted to the usage that is just restricted to the usage that is just restricted to the documents you give it, and it takes a documents you give it, and it takes a documents you give it, and it takes a lot of documents. We have a great little lot of documents. We have a great little lot of documents. We have a great little tutorial coming on the channel next tutorial coming on the channel next tutorial coming on the channel next week, so make sure to subscribe so you week, so make sure to subscribe so you week, so make sure to subscribe so you catch that one. It's like four minutes catch that one. It's like four minutes catch that one. It's like four minutes and it covers the entire app with a and it covers the entire app with a and it covers the entire app with a bunch of pro tips. And yeah, some of the bunch of pro tips. And yeah, some of the bunch of pro tips. And yeah, some of the features now work in 80 languages, which features now work in 80 languages, which features now work in 80 languages, which is impressive. Another quick story is is impressive. Another quick story is is impressive. Another quick story is that Chetchd silently added the ability that Chetchd silently added the ability that Chetchd silently added the ability to quiz yourself. And if you say quiz me to quiz yourself. And if you say quiz me to quiz yourself. And if you say quiz me on Quinton Tarantino movies in quiz GPT, on Quinton Tarantino movies in quiz GPT, on Quinton Tarantino movies in quiz GPT, by the way, this was a prompt of the by the way, this was a prompt of the by the way, this was a prompt of the week in our weekly newsletter from this week in our weekly newsletter from this week in our weekly newsletter from this week. So if you always want the newest week. So if you always want the newest week. So if you always want the newest prompts and free apps that you can use prompts and free apps that you can use prompts and free apps that you can use if you sign up there is our onwarding if you sign up there is our onwarding if you sign up there is our onwarding sequence but after that it's just a sequence but after that it's just a sequence but after that it's just a newsletter and yeah there we shared this newsletter and yeah there we shared this newsletter and yeah there we shared this little prompt that you can now use too little prompt that you can now use too little prompt that you can now use too and it creates this beautiful flashcards and it creates this beautiful flashcards and it creates this beautiful flashcards right inside of chat is the view feature right inside of chat is the view feature right inside of chat is the view feature reservoir dogs palm.com I think it was reservoir dogs palm.com I think it was reservoir dogs palm.com I think it was fiction yeah the bride I mean that's fiction yeah the bride I mean that's fiction yeah the bride I mean that's easy damn I'm kind of cracked at this easy damn I'm kind of cracked at this easy damn I'm kind of cracked at this crystal fault there you go five out of crystal fault there you go five out of crystal fault there you go five out of five one of my favorite directors five one of my favorite directors five one of my favorite directors Hey, and that right there, ladies and Hey, and that right there, ladies and Hey, and that right there, ladies and gentlemen, is essentially everything we gentlemen, is essentially everything we gentlemen, is essentially everything we have for this week. I hope you found have for this week. I hope you found have for this week. I hope you found something that was useful or something that was useful or something that was useful or inspirational to yourself. My name is inspirational to yourself. My name is inspirational to yourself. My name is Igor and I hope you have a wonderful
