Title: Google’s Genie model makes realistic worlds in realtime…
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

As a kid, I had two favorite movies. As a kid, I had two favorite movies. As a kid, I had two favorite movies. Terminator 2: Judgement Day and that one Terminator 2: Judgement Day and that one Terminator 2: Judgement Day and that one where Sinbad played a genie. Well, where Sinbad played a genie. Well, where Sinbad played a genie. Well, yesterday, Google DeepMind released a yesterday, Google DeepMind released a yesterday, Google DeepMind released a new AI model that's like if those two new AI model that's like if those two new AI model that's like if those two movies had a baby. It's named Genie 3 movies had a baby. It's named Genie 3 movies had a baby. It's named Genie 3 and has the ability to create and has the ability to create and has the ability to create controllable virtual worlds from a text controllable virtual worlds from a text controllable virtual worlds from a text prompt and simulate them in real time at prompt and simulate them in real time at prompt and simulate them in real time at 720p resolution and 24 frames per 720p resolution and 24 frames per 720p resolution and 24 frames per second. And we're not just talking about second. And we're not just talking about second. And we're not just talking about video rendering here, but worlds with video rendering here, but worlds with video rendering here, but worlds with actual physical properties that you can actual physical properties that you can actual physical properties that you can interact with, like an openw world video interact with, like an openw world video interact with, like an openw world video game. Genie is an AI system that game. Genie is an AI system that game. Genie is an AI system that understands reality well enough to understands reality well enough to understands reality well enough to simulate it. Think of it like the simulate it. Think of it like the simulate it. Think of it like the inverse of perception. Instead of inverse of perception. Instead of inverse of perception. Instead of understanding what it sees, it generates understanding what it sees, it generates understanding what it sees, it generates what could be seen if it had eyeballs what could be seen if it had eyeballs what could be seen if it had eyeballs like us. And that's a big deal because like us. And that's a big deal because like us. And that's a big deal because it gives autonomous systems and robots it gives autonomous systems and robots it gives autonomous systems and robots an unlimited number of simulated an unlimited number of simulated an unlimited number of simulated environments for training. In today's environments for training. In today's environments for training. In today's video, we'll take a closer look at Genie video, we'll take a closer look at Genie video, we'll take a closer look at Genie along with two other big AI along with two other big AI along with two other big AI announcements that you may have missed announcements that you may have missed announcements that you may have missed if you blinked yesterday. It is August if you blinked yesterday. It is August if you blinked yesterday. It is August 6, 2025, and you're watching the code 6, 2025, and you're watching the code 6, 2025, and you're watching the code report. Before we talk about Google's report. Before we talk about Google's report. Before we talk about Google's Genie, OpenAI did something I thought I Genie, OpenAI did something I thought I Genie, OpenAI did something I thought I would never see. They released an OpenAI would never see. They released an OpenAI would never see. They released an OpenAI model with an Apache 2.0 license, model with an Apache 2.0 license, model with an Apache 2.0 license, meaning you can use it freely to build a meaning you can use it freely to build a meaning you can use it freely to build a billion-dollar business. GPTO OSS is a billion-dollar business. GPTO OSS is a billion-dollar business. GPTO OSS is a model that's so good it approaches the model that's so good it approaches the model that's so good it approaches the performance of other state-of-the-art performance of other state-of-the-art performance of other state-of-the-art reasoning models like 03 while being reasoning models like 03 while being reasoning models like 03 while being small enough to run on your laptop or small enough to run on your laptop or small enough to run on your laptop or even your phone. I tried it out on O even your phone. I tried it out on O even your phone. I tried it out on O Lama and while it's great to have Lama and while it's great to have Lama and while it's great to have another open model, it still feels another open model, it still feels another open model, it still feels overly censored and a little bit behind overly censored and a little bit behind overly censored and a little bit behind Quen 3 in general intelligence. And with Quen 3 in general intelligence. And with Quen 3 in general intelligence. And with smaller models, you get higher smaller models, you get higher smaller models, you get higher hallucination rates, which is hallucination rates, which is hallucination rates, which is understandable because you have to cut understandable because you have to cut understandable because you have to cut out a lot of knowledge. That makes it out a lot of knowledge. That makes it out a lot of knowledge. That makes it hard to use for any kind of serious hard to use for any kind of serious hard to use for any kind of serious programming. But luckily, software programming. But luckily, software programming. But luckily, software engineers also got a big upgrade engineers also got a big upgrade engineers also got a big upgrade yesterday from Anthropic with the yesterday from Anthropic with the yesterday from Anthropic with the release of Claude Opus 4.1. The upgraded release of Claude Opus 4.1. The upgraded release of Claude Opus 4.1. The upgraded model made an improvement to its already model made an improvement to its already model made an improvement to its already impressive software engineering bench impressive software engineering bench impressive software engineering bench score. And supposedly this model is score. And supposedly this model is score. And supposedly this model is supposed to be way better at multifile supposed to be way better at multifile supposed to be way better at multifile code refactoring. And that's a big deal code refactoring. And that's a big deal code refactoring. And that's a big deal because as your project grows larger, because as your project grows larger, because as your project grows larger, the more useless AI becomes. But large the more useless AI becomes. But large the more useless AI becomes. But large language models are like so boring in language models are like so boring in language models are like so boring in 2025. And the shiny new AI object for 2025. And the shiny new AI object for 2025. And the shiny new AI object for today is something called a world model. today is something called a world model. today is something called a world model. With Genie 3 being the frontier model With Genie 3 being the frontier model With Genie 3 being the frontier model released by Google DeepMind yesterday, released by Google DeepMind yesterday, released by Google DeepMind yesterday, tech influencers are calling it a tech influencers are calling it a tech influencers are calling it a watershed moment that pushes us to the watershed moment that pushes us to the watershed moment that pushes us to the brink of AGI. But remember, you should brink of AGI. But remember, you should brink of AGI. But remember, you should never listen to tech influencers, never listen to tech influencers, never listen to tech influencers, especially faceless AI powered YouTube especially faceless AI powered YouTube especially faceless AI powered YouTube channels that are owned by private channels that are owned by private channels that are owned by private equity. That being said, Genie 3 is equity. That being said, Genie 3 is equity. That being said, Genie 3 is without exaggeration a watershed moment without exaggeration a watershed moment without exaggeration a watershed moment that puts us dangerously close to that puts us dangerously close to that puts us dangerously close to self-replicating genocidal machines by self-replicating genocidal machines by self-replicating genocidal machines by giving robots an unlimited simulation giving robots an unlimited simulation giving robots an unlimited simulation space. It generates realistic physical space. It generates realistic physical space. It generates realistic physical environments with incredible environments with incredible environments with incredible consistency. And what's especially weird consistency. And what's especially weird consistency. And what's especially weird is that the consistency is an emergent is that the consistency is an emergent is that the consistency is an emergent property, meaning the model just kind of property, meaning the model just kind of property, meaning the model just kind of magically got better at keeping the magically got better at keeping the magically got better at keeping the graphics consistent as it got bigger, as graphics consistent as it got bigger, as graphics consistent as it got bigger, as opposed to being a deliberate change to opposed to being a deliberate change to opposed to being a deliberate change to the algorithm implemented by the algorithm implemented by the algorithm implemented by programmers. Google has been working on programmers. Google has been working on programmers. Google has been working on these world models for a while, but these world models for a while, but these world models for a while, but Genie 3 is the first one with an Genie 3 is the first one with an Genie 3 is the first one with an interaction horizon that lasts multiple interaction horizon that lasts multiple interaction horizon that lasts multiple minutes and that can generate minutes and that can generate minutes and that can generate highresolution graphics in real time. It highresolution graphics in real time. It highresolution graphics in real time. It can create both realistic and fictional can create both realistic and fictional can create both realistic and fictional worlds from a simple text prompt while worlds from a simple text prompt while worlds from a simple text prompt while also giving physical properties to also giving physical properties to also giving physical properties to objects in that world that you can objects in that world that you can objects in that world that you can interact with just like a video game. interact with just like a video game. interact with just like a video game. It's a fun little toy for us humans, but It's a fun little toy for us humans, but It's a fun little toy for us humans, but for robots, it provides an unlimited for robots, it provides an unlimited for robots, it provides an unlimited training space to get better and better training space to get better and better training space to get better and better at what they do. Humanoid robot tech is at what they do. Humanoid robot tech is at what they do. Humanoid robot tech is right around the corner with Unitry right around the corner with Unitry right around the corner with Unitry releasing the R1 for just $5,900 a few releasing the R1 for just $5,900 a few releasing the R1 for just $5,900 a few weeks ago. And it won't be long before weeks ago. And it won't be long before weeks ago. And it won't be long before robots like this are cooking our meals, robots like this are cooking our meals, robots like this are cooking our meals, walking our dogs, and curing our walking our dogs, and curing our walking our dogs, and curing our loneliness. If you want to get in on loneliness. If you want to get in on loneliness. If you want to get in on this future though, you need to use the this future though, you need to use the this future though, you need to use the right tools like Warp, the sponsor of right tools like Warp, the sponsor of right tools like Warp, the sponsor of today's video. The CLI based AI tools today's video. The CLI based AI tools today's video. The CLI based AI tools have been dominating headlines lately, have been dominating headlines lately, have been dominating headlines lately, but Warp's agentic development but Warp's agentic development but Warp's agentic development environment might be the most goatated environment might be the most goatated environment might be the most goatated one yet. Its coding agent beat out one yet. Its coding agent beat out one yet. Its coding agent beat out Claude Code and the Gemini CLI to land Claude Code and the Gemini CLI to land Claude Code and the Gemini CLI to land the number one spot on the terminal the number one spot on the terminal the number one spot on the terminal bench benchmark along with a top five bench benchmark along with a top five bench benchmark along with a top five spot on SWE. And unlike other CLI tools, spot on SWE. And unlike other CLI tools, spot on SWE. And unlike other CLI tools, Warp also gives you the key parts of the Warp also gives you the key parts of the Warp also gives you the key parts of the IDE that you need to edit files, review IDE that you need to edit files, review IDE that you need to edit files, review diffs, and ship productionready code. It diffs, and ship productionready code. It diffs, and ship productionready code. It also lets you run and manage multiple also lets you run and manage multiple also lets you run and manage multiple files in parallel and is engineered for files in parallel and is engineered for files in parallel and is engineered for deeper context and better planning with deeper context and better planning with deeper context and better planning with full access to your stack and your full access to your stack and your full access to your stack and your codebase embeddings. Warp is free to codebase embeddings. Warp is free to codebase embeddings. Warp is free to use, but you can get access to one month use, but you can get access to one month use, but you can get access to one month of their pro plan for just a dollar of their pro plan for just a dollar of their pro plan for just a dollar using the code top agent. This has been using the code top agent. This has been using the code top agent. This has been the code report. Thanks for watching and the code report. Thanks for watching and the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
