Title: Google won at Monopoly...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

One year ago, Google took its biggest L One year ago, Google took its biggest L One year ago, Google took its biggest L of all time when it was convicted in of all time when it was convicted in of all time when it was convicted in court of being a filthy monopolist and court of being a filthy monopolist and court of being a filthy monopolist and was forced to join Microsoft on the was forced to join Microsoft on the was forced to join Microsoft on the registered antitrust offenders list. registered antitrust offenders list. registered antitrust offenders list. Back in the good old days, Google was Back in the good old days, Google was Back in the good old days, Google was making illegal deals to maintain search making illegal deals to maintain search making illegal deals to maintain search engine supremacy, like how it made up engine supremacy, like how it made up engine supremacy, like how it made up 85% of Mozilla's revenue by being the 85% of Mozilla's revenue by being the 85% of Mozilla's revenue by being the default search engine. And its insane default search engine. And its insane default search engine. And its insane deal with Apple, where it paid them 36% deal with Apple, where it paid them 36% deal with Apple, where it paid them 36% of search revenue to the tune of $20 of search revenue to the tune of $20 of search revenue to the tune of $20 billion per year. In what appeared to be billion per year. In what appeared to be billion per year. In what appeared to be a big win for the little guy, a judge a big win for the little guy, a judge a big win for the little guy, a judge ruled that these deals stifle ruled that these deals stifle ruled that these deals stifle competition from other search engines. competition from other search engines. competition from other search engines. And now there's only one thing left to And now there's only one thing left to And now there's only one thing left to determine. What would be the appropriate determine. What would be the appropriate determine. What would be the appropriate way to punish Google for these way to punish Google for these way to punish Google for these horrendous violations. horrendous violations. horrendous violations. Thank you, sir. May I have another? Thank you, sir. May I have another? Thank you, sir. May I have another? Well, yesterday we finally learned Well, yesterday we finally learned Well, yesterday we finally learned Google's fate, and it's far worse than Google's fate, and it's far worse than Google's fate, and it's far worse than we ever could have imagined. It is we ever could have imagined. It is we ever could have imagined. It is September 4th, 2025, and you're watching September 4th, 2025, and you're watching September 4th, 2025, and you're watching the Code Report. Many experts expected the Code Report. Many experts expected the Code Report. Many experts expected that Google would be forced by the that Google would be forced by the that Google would be forced by the Department of Justice to sell its Department of Justice to sell its Department of Justice to sell its precious Chrome browser, which continues precious Chrome browser, which continues precious Chrome browser, which continues to dominate with 69% of the total to dominate with 69% of the total to dominate with 69% of the total browser market share. A very fitting browser market share. A very fitting browser market share. A very fitting number when you screw over other number when you screw over other number when you screw over other companies to reach the top. The Chrome companies to reach the top. The Chrome companies to reach the top. The Chrome is basically the lynch pin that ties all is basically the lynch pin that ties all is basically the lynch pin that ties all other Google products together, and other Google products together, and other Google products together, and losing it would be devastating to their losing it would be devastating to their losing it would be devastating to their business. AI companies were praying for business. AI companies were praying for business. AI companies were praying for the simulation to make this happen, and the simulation to make this happen, and the simulation to make this happen, and vultures like Perplexity even offered vultures like Perplexity even offered vultures like Perplexity even offered 34.5 billion to buy it. But Perplexity 34.5 billion to buy it. But Perplexity 34.5 billion to buy it. But Perplexity forgot the most important rule in life. forgot the most important rule in life. forgot the most important rule in life. Nothing ever happens. When people Nothing ever happens. When people Nothing ever happens. When people started predicting Chrome would be spun started predicting Chrome would be spun started predicting Chrome would be spun off from Google, I made a video off from Google, I made a video off from Google, I made a video predicting that that would never happen. predicting that that would never happen. predicting that that would never happen. And it turns out I was right. Now, I'm And it turns out I was right. Now, I'm And it turns out I was right. Now, I'm not Quasimoto. It's just the idea that a not Quasimoto. It's just the idea that a not Quasimoto. It's just the idea that a massive corporation would actually be massive corporation would actually be massive corporation would actually be punished for playing unfair is punished for playing unfair is punished for playing unfair is ludicrous. The punishment that was ludicrous. The punishment that was ludicrous. The punishment that was actually handed down can best be actually handed down can best be actually handed down can best be described as a slap on the wrist described as a slap on the wrist described as a slap on the wrist administered with a feather. Google gets administered with a feather. Google gets administered with a feather. Google gets to keep Chrome. It gets to keep Android. to keep Chrome. It gets to keep Android. to keep Chrome. It gets to keep Android. And it doesn't have to not be evil. On And it doesn't have to not be evil. On And it doesn't have to not be evil. On that news alone, the stock was up 10% that news alone, the stock was up 10% that news alone, the stock was up 10% yesterday, which represents hundreds of yesterday, which represents hundreds of yesterday, which represents hundreds of billions of dollars in market cap. And billions of dollars in market cap. And billions of dollars in market cap. And Nancy Pelosi just got richer because she Nancy Pelosi just got richer because she Nancy Pelosi just got richer because she bought call options on Google a few bought call options on Google a few bought call options on Google a few months ago that are now deep in the months ago that are now deep in the months ago that are now deep in the money. I don't know how she does it, but money. I don't know how she does it, but money. I don't know how she does it, but the judge didn't totally let Google off the judge didn't totally let Google off the judge didn't totally let Google off the hook. He administered the wrist slap the hook. He administered the wrist slap the hook. He administered the wrist slap by telling Google they have to share by telling Google they have to share by telling Google they have to share your search data and stop making your search data and stop making your search data and stop making exclusive deals with big platforms. In exclusive deals with big platforms. In exclusive deals with big platforms. In addition, they're not allowed to bundle addition, they're not allowed to bundle addition, they're not allowed to bundle all their apps together for Android all their apps together for Android all their apps together for Android manufacturers. When it comes to sharing manufacturers. When it comes to sharing manufacturers. When it comes to sharing data, I want to make it clear that data, I want to make it clear that data, I want to make it clear that they're not sharing all the personal they're not sharing all the personal they're not sharing all the personal data that you gave Google willingly. data that you gave Google willingly. data that you gave Google willingly. They're sharing the opaque anonymous They're sharing the opaque anonymous They're sharing the opaque anonymous data they've accumulated after years of data they've accumulated after years of data they've accumulated after years of crawling the web, which in theory will crawling the web, which in theory will crawling the web, which in theory will help competitors build better search help competitors build better search help competitors build better search engines and possibly AI models that engines and possibly AI models that engines and possibly AI models that replace search engines. What's kind of replace search engines. What's kind of replace search engines. What's kind of crazy though is that Apple can keep its crazy though is that Apple can keep its crazy though is that Apple can keep its 11 figure search deal with Google. 11 figure search deal with Google. 11 figure search deal with Google. I wish I knew how to quit you. They just I wish I knew how to quit you. They just I wish I knew how to quit you. They just have to change the wording in the have to change the wording in the have to change the wording in the contract so that it's not an exclusive contract so that it's not an exclusive contract so that it's not an exclusive deal. That means that if you want to deal. That means that if you want to deal. That means that if you want to start your own search engine, there's start your own search engine, there's start your own search engine, there's nothing stopping you from becoming the nothing stopping you from becoming the nothing stopping you from becoming the default search on iPhone. It just offer default search on iPhone. It just offer default search on iPhone. It just offer Apple more money than Google. In Apple more money than Google. In Apple more money than Google. In addition, Mosilla must be happy right addition, Mosilla must be happy right addition, Mosilla must be happy right now because they get to keep their now because they get to keep their now because they get to keep their Google money also, which would have Google money also, which would have Google money also, which would have killed their business otherwise. But the killed their business otherwise. But the killed their business otherwise. But the big question is why did Google get off big question is why did Google get off big question is why did Google get off so easy? Well, Judge Meta said this in so easy? Well, Judge Meta said this in so easy? Well, Judge Meta said this in his ruling. The government overreached his ruling. The government overreached his ruling. The government overreached in seeking the force sale of these key in seeking the force sale of these key in seeking the force sale of these key assets, which Google did not use to assets, which Google did not use to assets, which Google did not use to affect any illegal restraints. He also affect any illegal restraints. He also affect any illegal restraints. He also said that the emergence of generative AI said that the emergence of generative AI said that the emergence of generative AI has changed the course of this case and has changed the course of this case and has changed the course of this case and that Google's dominance in search that Google's dominance in search that Google's dominance in search doesn't carry over to the Gen AI space. doesn't carry over to the Gen AI space. doesn't carry over to the Gen AI space. And I would have to agree because there And I would have to agree because there And I would have to agree because there are superior generative AI tools that are superior generative AI tools that are superior generative AI tools that are eating Google's lunch. One of which are eating Google's lunch. One of which are eating Google's lunch. One of which is Warp, the sponsor of today's video. is Warp, the sponsor of today's video. is Warp, the sponsor of today's video. Over 700,000 developers are already Over 700,000 developers are already Over 700,000 developers are already using Warp's development environment, using Warp's development environment, using Warp's development environment, and they just launched their biggest and they just launched their biggest and they just launched their biggest upgrade yet, Warp Code. This merges the upgrade yet, Warp Code. This merges the upgrade yet, Warp Code. This merges the Warp Terminal with their IDE into one Warp Terminal with their IDE into one Warp Terminal with their IDE into one platform for writing code with agents. platform for writing code with agents. platform for writing code with agents. So, instead of wrangling a bunch of So, instead of wrangling a bunch of So, instead of wrangling a bunch of different AI programming tools, you can different AI programming tools, you can different AI programming tools, you can just code on Warp. The built-in code just code on Warp. The built-in code just code on Warp. The built-in code editor comes with review panels, inline editor comes with review panels, inline editor comes with review panels, inline file editing, and suggested diffs to file editing, and suggested diffs to file editing, and suggested diffs to help you ship productionready code help you ship productionready code help you ship productionready code faster. It also provides tools like faster. It also provides tools like faster. It also provides tools like agent profiles that let you customize agent profiles that let you customize agent profiles that let you customize your agents to make them more your agents to make them more your agents to make them more contextaware. Warp code just scored contextaware. Warp code just scored contextaware. Warp code just scored 75.8% on swbench which was good enough 75.8% on swbench which was good enough 75.8% on swbench which was good enough to claim the number three spot on the to claim the number three spot on the to claim the number three spot on the leaderboard. You can try it out for free leaderboard. You can try it out for free leaderboard. You can try it out for free today at warp.dev/moo today at warp.dev/moo today at warp.dev/moo firehip or use code moo to get one month firehip or use code moo to get one month firehip or use code moo to get one month free on the pro plan for just a dollar. free on the pro plan for just a dollar. free on the pro plan for just a dollar. This has been the code report. Thanks This has been the code report. Thanks This has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the for watching and I will see you in the for watching and I will see you in the next one.
