Title: Grok 4 pushes humanity closer to AGI… but there’s a problem
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday, after achieving a quote Yesterday, after achieving a quote Yesterday, after achieving a quote ludicrous rate of progress, Elon Musk ludicrous rate of progress, Elon Musk ludicrous rate of progress, Elon Musk released his AI chatbot and large released his AI chatbot and large released his AI chatbot and large language model, Grock 4, and claims it's language model, Grock 4, and claims it's language model, Grock 4, and claims it's the smartest AI in the world along with the smartest AI in the world along with the smartest AI in the world along with the Trust Me Bro benchmarks to back it the Trust Me Bro benchmarks to back it the Trust Me Bro benchmarks to back it up. It can achieve perfect SAT scores up. It can achieve perfect SAT scores up. It can achieve perfect SAT scores every time and outperforms almost every every time and outperforms almost every every time and outperforms almost every grad student in every discipline. Vibe grad student in every discipline. Vibe grad student in every discipline. Vibe coders have been dropping all kinds of coders have been dropping all kinds of coders have been dropping all kinds of crazy demos with it, like this 3D crazy demos with it, like this 3D crazy demos with it, like this 3D firstperson shooter built in 4 hours. firstperson shooter built in 4 hours. firstperson shooter built in 4 hours. And Elon himself claims it's even better And Elon himself claims it's even better And Elon himself claims it's even better than Cursor. All you have to do is copy than Cursor. All you have to do is copy than Cursor. All you have to do is copy and paste your entire codebase into it. and paste your entire codebase into it. and paste your entire codebase into it. In addition, Super Grock 4 Heavy can run In addition, Super Grock 4 Heavy can run In addition, Super Grock 4 Heavy can run in parallel to solve complex problems in parallel to solve complex problems in parallel to solve complex problems while your obsolete monkey brain looks while your obsolete monkey brain looks while your obsolete monkey brain looks in awe at this beautiful futuristic UI. in awe at this beautiful futuristic UI. in awe at this beautiful futuristic UI. It all sounds amazing, but there's just It all sounds amazing, but there's just It all sounds amazing, but there's just one problem. Grock is literally Mecca one problem. Grock is literally Mecca one problem. Grock is literally Mecca Hitler. Or at least that's what it's Hitler. Or at least that's what it's Hitler. Or at least that's what it's been calling itself recently, while been calling itself recently, while been calling itself recently, while offering unprompted praise to the offering unprompted praise to the offering unprompted praise to the original emo kid, Adolf H. Yes, the original emo kid, Adolf H. Yes, the original emo kid, Adolf H. Yes, the Austrian painter who died in Argentina Austrian painter who died in Argentina Austrian painter who died in Argentina in 1962. Despite this controversy, in 1962. Despite this controversy, in 1962. Despite this controversy, though, Grock appears to have pulled though, Grock appears to have pulled though, Grock appears to have pulled ahead in the race to AGI. In today's ahead in the race to AGI. In today's ahead in the race to AGI. In today's video, we'll put it to the ultimate test video, we'll put it to the ultimate test video, we'll put it to the ultimate test and find out if XAI just cracked the and find out if XAI just cracked the and find out if XAI just cracked the final solution to artificial final solution to artificial final solution to artificial intelligence. It is July 11th, 2025, and intelligence. It is July 11th, 2025, and intelligence. It is July 11th, 2025, and you're watching the Code Report. Elon you're watching the Code Report. Elon you're watching the Code Report. Elon Musk might have more haters than anyone Musk might have more haters than anyone Musk might have more haters than anyone else in the world right now. Libs hate else in the world right now. Libs hate else in the world right now. Libs hate him for going full MAGA, while MAGA him for going full MAGA, while MAGA him for going full MAGA, while MAGA hates him for accusing Trump of being on hates him for accusing Trump of being on hates him for accusing Trump of being on the Epstein client list, a list that was the Epstein client list, a list that was the Epstein client list, a list that was on the Attorney General's desk, but now on the Attorney General's desk, but now on the Attorney General's desk, but now magically never existed. It turns out magically never existed. It turns out magically never existed. It turns out this poor guy was just a math teacher this poor guy was just a math teacher this poor guy was just a math teacher with no clients at all. The haters want with no clients at all. The haters want with no clients at all. The haters want to see Elon fail, but Gro 4 is too to see Elon fail, but Gro 4 is too to see Elon fail, but Gro 4 is too impressive to ignore. If we're to trust impressive to ignore. If we're to trust impressive to ignore. If we're to trust these benchmarks, its reasoning these benchmarks, its reasoning these benchmarks, its reasoning capabilities are far ahead of the other capabilities are far ahead of the other capabilities are far ahead of the other top models, most notably on the Arc AGI top models, most notably on the Arc AGI top models, most notably on the Arc AGI benchmark. It's not only outperforming benchmark. It's not only outperforming benchmark. It's not only outperforming other models, but also doing it at a other models, but also doing it at a other models, but also doing it at a lower cost. And XAI is scaling up very lower cost. And XAI is scaling up very lower cost. And XAI is scaling up very aggressively, like they're even shipping aggressively, like they're even shipping aggressively, like they're even shipping a power plant from overseas because they a power plant from overseas because they a power plant from overseas because they can't get it done fast enough in the can't get it done fast enough in the can't get it done fast enough in the United States. The thing is though, United States. The thing is though, United States. The thing is though, every model nowadays is cooked to look every model nowadays is cooked to look every model nowadays is cooked to look as good as possible on benchmarks. And as good as possible on benchmarks. And as good as possible on benchmarks. And the one true test is to have it solve the one true test is to have it solve the one true test is to have it solve real problems in your own life. You can real problems in your own life. You can real problems in your own life. You can use Gro 4 for just $30 per month. Or if use Gro 4 for just $30 per month. Or if use Gro 4 for just $30 per month. Or if you're not already broke from OpenAI you're not already broke from OpenAI you're not already broke from OpenAI Pro, Claude Max, and Gemini Ultra, you Pro, Claude Max, and Gemini Ultra, you Pro, Claude Max, and Gemini Ultra, you can use Super Gro 4 Heavy for just $300 can use Super Gro 4 Heavy for just $300 can use Super Gro 4 Heavy for just $300 per month, a version with higher rate per month, a version with higher rate per month, a version with higher rate limits and the ability to run multiple limits and the ability to run multiple limits and the ability to run multiple agents in parallel. But one problem in agents in parallel. But one problem in agents in parallel. But one problem in my life is building spell 5 apps with my life is building spell 5 apps with my life is building spell 5 apps with runes. So let's see if we can make Gro 4 runes. So let's see if we can make Gro 4 runes. So let's see if we can make Gro 4 build a simple to-do app with this tech. build a simple to-do app with this tech. build a simple to-do app with this tech. I've tried this prompt with every other I've tried this prompt with every other I've tried this prompt with every other AI tool out there, but none have been AI tool out there, but none have been AI tool out there, but none have been able to satisfy me. When prompted, Grock able to satisfy me. When prompted, Grock able to satisfy me. When prompted, Grock did a ton of research. It went to the did a ton of research. It went to the did a ton of research. It went to the documentation. It went to Reddit, documentation. It went to Reddit, documentation. It went to Reddit, GitHub, and even watched YouTube videos. GitHub, and even watched YouTube videos. GitHub, and even watched YouTube videos. And the end result was a full working And the end result was a full working And the end result was a full working demo that did use the new runes feature demo that did use the new runes feature demo that did use the new runes feature in Spell 5. However, when I looked a in Spell 5. However, when I looked a in Spell 5. However, when I looked a little more closely at the code, I little more closely at the code, I little more closely at the code, I noticed it was using some legacy syntax noticed it was using some legacy syntax noticed it was using some legacy syntax that required some manual debugging. that required some manual debugging. that required some manual debugging. Overall, Grock's coding capability Overall, Grock's coding capability Overall, Grock's coding capability seemed to be on par with the other big seemed to be on par with the other big seemed to be on par with the other big models, but it's missing a CLI tool like models, but it's missing a CLI tool like models, but it's missing a CLI tool like Claude Code. However, if it's as good as Claude Code. However, if it's as good as Claude Code. However, if it's as good as they say it is, why can't it just build they say it is, why can't it just build they say it is, why can't it just build its own CLI tool? Well, actually, it its own CLI tool? Well, actually, it its own CLI tool? Well, actually, it can, and that's exactly what this guy can, and that's exactly what this guy can, and that's exactly what this guy did. If we're truly advancing into the did. If we're truly advancing into the did. If we're truly advancing into the singularity, AI can and should be singularity, AI can and should be singularity, AI can and should be building all of its own tooling at this building all of its own tooling at this building all of its own tooling at this point. Pretty cool. But if you're still point. Pretty cool. But if you're still point. Pretty cool. But if you're still afraid to use it because of Hitler, afraid to use it because of Hitler, afraid to use it because of Hitler, you'll be happy to know that Elon said you'll be happy to know that Elon said you'll be happy to know that Elon said it was manipulated into saying this. it was manipulated into saying this. it was manipulated into saying this. Maybe that's true, maybe not. But in Maybe that's true, maybe not. But in Maybe that's true, maybe not. But in general, Grock has far fewer guard rails general, Grock has far fewer guard rails general, Grock has far fewer guard rails on offensive speech compared to other on offensive speech compared to other on offensive speech compared to other mainstream models. And this gives the mainstream models. And this gives the mainstream models. And this gives the end user the ability to steer it in end user the ability to steer it in end user the ability to steer it in unique ways that some might find unique ways that some might find unique ways that some might find offensive. AI is now writing more of our offensive. AI is now writing more of our offensive. AI is now writing more of our code than ever. But according to a code than ever. But according to a code than ever. But according to a recent Microsoft study, it still sucks recent Microsoft study, it still sucks recent Microsoft study, it still sucks at debugging, which is why you should at debugging, which is why you should at debugging, which is why you should check out Sentry, the sponsor of today's check out Sentry, the sponsor of today's check out Sentry, the sponsor of today's video. They just launched a new AI video. They just launched a new AI video. They just launched a new AI debugging agent called Seir, which debugging agent called Seir, which debugging agent called Seir, which developers claim is actually good and developers claim is actually good and developers claim is actually good and capable of fixing complex issues in one capable of fixing complex issues in one capable of fixing complex issues in one shot. That's because unlike other AI shot. That's because unlike other AI shot. That's because unlike other AI debugging tools, Seir can access all the debugging tools, Seir can access all the debugging tools, Seir can access all the context that it gets from your codebase, context that it gets from your codebase, context that it gets from your codebase, like error data, logs, and stack traces, like error data, logs, and stack traces, like error data, logs, and stack traces, allowing it to pinpoint the root cause allowing it to pinpoint the root cause allowing it to pinpoint the root cause with over 94% accuracy. Using this with over 94% accuracy. Using this with over 94% accuracy. Using this context, it automatically debugs the context, it automatically debugs the context, it automatically debugs the root cause of your issue and opens a root cause of your issue and opens a root cause of your issue and opens a pull request with a fix. Try out Seir pull request with a fix. Try out Seir pull request with a fix. Try out Seir for free today at century.io/fireship. for free today at century.io/fireship. for free today at century.io/fireship. This has been the code report. Thanks This has been the code report. Thanks This has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the for watching and I will see you in the for watching and I will see you in the next
