Title: How AI Replaces Your Paid Apps for Free
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

I'm kind of cheap. I hate paying for I'm kind of cheap. I hate paying for I'm kind of cheap. I hate paying for simple apps that I feel like should have simple apps that I feel like should have simple apps that I feel like should have been a free Chrome extension or been a free Chrome extension or been a free Chrome extension or something. So lately, I've been using AI something. So lately, I've been using AI something. So lately, I've been using AI to whip up my own custom tools. Nothing to whip up my own custom tools. Nothing to whip up my own custom tools. Nothing super fancy. No billion dollar startup super fancy. No billion dollar startup super fancy. No billion dollar startup ideas. ideas. ideas. Sweet Baby Rays barbecue sauce. Sweet Baby Rays barbecue sauce. Sweet Baby Rays barbecue sauce. Nothing I intend to like actually sell. Nothing I intend to like actually sell. Nothing I intend to like actually sell. Just quick scrappy apps that solve Just quick scrappy apps that solve Just quick scrappy apps that solve little problems for me. And honestly, little problems for me. And honestly, little problems for me. And honestly, it's way easier than you'd think. So it's way easier than you'd think. So it's way easier than you'd think. So today, I'm going to show you how you can today, I'm going to show you how you can today, I'm going to show you how you can use AI to stop overpaying for use AI to stop overpaying for use AI to stop overpaying for underwhelming software. Let's get into underwhelming software. Let's get into underwhelming software. Let's get into it. The first app I want to create is it. The first app I want to create is it. The first app I want to create is well, not something that you normally well, not something that you normally well, not something that you normally have to pay for actually, but I don't have to pay for actually, but I don't have to pay for actually, but I don't have access to it on my Mac, and that's have access to it on my Mac, and that's have access to it on my Mac, and that's Microsoft Paint. Sometimes you want to Microsoft Paint. Sometimes you want to Microsoft Paint. Sometimes you want to just like edit an image real quick, like just like edit an image real quick, like just like edit an image real quick, like circle something or sketch something on circle something or sketch something on circle something or sketch something on it real quick, and on a Mac, you don't it real quick, and on a Mac, you don't it real quick, and on a Mac, you don't have that super simple software like have that super simple software like have that super simple software like Microsoft Paint. So, let's go ahead and Microsoft Paint. So, let's go ahead and Microsoft Paint. So, let's go ahead and build it. For this first one, I'm build it. For this first one, I'm build it. For this first one, I'm actually going to test warp.dev. actually going to test warp.dev. actually going to test warp.dev. It's an agentic development environment. It's an agentic development environment. It's an agentic development environment. And if we check out their pricing, they And if we check out their pricing, they And if we check out their pricing, they do actually have a free plan where you do actually have a free plan where you do actually have a free plan where you can try it out. So up to 150 AI requests can try it out. So up to 150 AI requests can try it out. So up to 150 AI requests per month. You can use Claude Opus 4.1 per month. You can use Claude Opus 4.1 per month. You can use Claude Opus 4.1 and GPT5 and pretty much all the best and GPT5 and pretty much all the best and GPT5 and pretty much all the best models. So I think I can do it on the models. So I think I can do it on the models. So I think I can do it on the free plan. So I went ahead and free plan. So I went ahead and free plan. So I went ahead and downloaded Warp here. And this is what downloaded Warp here. And this is what downloaded Warp here. And this is what it looks like. Down at the bottom, they it looks like. Down at the bottom, they it looks like. Down at the bottom, they have like a terminal mode, an agent have like a terminal mode, an agent have like a terminal mode, an agent mode, and an auto detection mode. So, mode, and an auto detection mode. So, mode, and an auto detection mode. So, let's just leave it on auto. And then let's just leave it on auto. And then let's just leave it on auto. And then for the models, we have all sorts of for the models, we have all sorts of for the models, we have all sorts of models available. Again, this is the models available. Again, this is the models available. Again, this is the free plan. My favorite model for coding free plan. My favorite model for coding free plan. My favorite model for coding was actually 03 Pro, which looks like we was actually 03 Pro, which looks like we was actually 03 Pro, which looks like we don't have access to that here, but don't have access to that here, but don't have access to that here, but Claude 4.1 Opus is also really, really Claude 4.1 Opus is also really, really Claude 4.1 Opus is also really, really good. I've had really great success good. I've had really great success good. I've had really great success coding with this one. So, let's leave it coding with this one. So, let's leave it coding with this one. So, let's leave it on Claude 4.1 Opus. And let's see if I on Claude 4.1 Opus. And let's see if I on Claude 4.1 Opus. And let's see if I could just give it a prompt to build the could just give it a prompt to build the could just give it a prompt to build the thing. Here's my prompt. Make a thing. Here's my prompt. Make a thing. Here's my prompt. Make a Microsoft Paint clone. I should be able Microsoft Paint clone. I should be able Microsoft Paint clone. I should be able to draw, use a paint bucket, create to draw, use a paint bucket, create to draw, use a paint bucket, create arrows, type, and have all the color arrows, type, and have all the color arrows, type, and have all the color options. I'd also like to be able to options. I'd also like to be able to options. I'd also like to be able to drag an image directly into the app and drag an image directly into the app and drag an image directly into the app and edit the image, and then save a new edit the image, and then save a new edit the image, and then save a new version of the image that's been edited. version of the image that's been edited. version of the image that's been edited. I'm hoping I can just give it a prompt I'm hoping I can just give it a prompt I'm hoping I can just give it a prompt like this, and it will know what to go like this, and it will know what to go like this, and it will know what to go off and do. So, let's see what happens. off and do. So, let's see what happens. off and do. So, let's see what happens. All right, I'll create a Microsoft Paint All right, I'll create a Microsoft Paint All right, I'll create a Microsoft Paint clone with all the features, etc., etc. clone with all the features, etc., etc. clone with all the features, etc., etc. And then it created a task list. This is And then it created a task list. This is And then it created a task list. This is how you know it's kind of an agentic how you know it's kind of an agentic how you know it's kind of an agentic workflow is when it creates a task list workflow is when it creates a task list workflow is when it creates a task list and then starts working through all of and then starts working through all of and then starts working through all of the tasks. That's usually a pretty good the tasks. That's usually a pretty good the tasks. That's usually a pretty good sign that it's going to work out well. sign that it's going to work out well. sign that it's going to work out well. But let's find out what we end up with But let's find out what we end up with But let's find out what we end up with off of just a single prompt inside of off of just a single prompt inside of off of just a single prompt inside of warp. Okay, so it looks like once it warp. Okay, so it looks like once it warp. Okay, so it looks like once it goes through each step, I do have to goes through each step, I do have to goes through each step, I do have to apply changes. I wonder if there's like apply changes. I wonder if there's like apply changes. I wonder if there's like the equivalent of a yolo mode here, but the equivalent of a yolo mode here, but the equivalent of a yolo mode here, but let's go ahead and apply changes. and it let's go ahead and apply changes. and it let's go ahead and apply changes. and it has moved on to the next step. Now, down has moved on to the next step. Now, down has moved on to the next step. Now, down in the very bottom right corner, there in the very bottom right corner, there in the very bottom right corner, there is a button that if I hover over it, it is a button that if I hover over it, it is a button that if I hover over it, it says auto approve all agent actions for says auto approve all agent actions for says auto approve all agent actions for this task. I'm going to go ahead and this task. I'm going to go ahead and this task. I'm going to go ahead and turn that on and let it just run through turn that on and let it just run through turn that on and let it just run through all of the steps. Okay, so it ran for a all of the steps. Okay, so it ran for a all of the steps. Okay, so it ran for a couple minutes here and it opened up couple minutes here and it opened up couple minutes here and it opened up this app inside of my browser. Let's go this app inside of my browser. Let's go this app inside of my browser. Let's go ahead and give it a test. We've got our ahead and give it a test. We've got our ahead and give it a test. We've got our pencil tool here. Can I draw? Yes, I can pencil tool here. Can I draw? Yes, I can pencil tool here. Can I draw? Yes, I can draw. Let's go ahead and close off our draw. Let's go ahead and close off our draw. Let's go ahead and close off our loop. Let's use our bucket tool. Can I loop. Let's use our bucket tool. Can I loop. Let's use our bucket tool. Can I paint bucket fill? Okay, so I don't paint bucket fill? Okay, so I don't paint bucket fill? Okay, so I don't think the paint bucket tool is working. think the paint bucket tool is working. think the paint bucket tool is working. Nothing seems to be happening when I Nothing seems to be happening when I Nothing seems to be happening when I click anywhere. Don't know what this click anywhere. Don't know what this click anywhere. Don't know what this button Oh, that's the arrow button. button Oh, that's the arrow button. button Oh, that's the arrow button. Okay, so I can create arrows. That part Okay, so I can create arrows. That part Okay, so I can create arrows. That part works. Can I add text? This is text I works. Can I add text? This is text I works. Can I add text? This is text I made. Yeah, that worked. Let's see. What made. Yeah, that worked. Let's see. What made. Yeah, that worked. Let's see. What is this? Is a broom. Okay, so the broom is this? Is a broom. Okay, so the broom is this? Is a broom. Okay, so the broom is the erase. I've got like a line tool is the erase. I've got like a line tool is the erase. I've got like a line tool where I can just draw different lines. where I can just draw different lines. where I can just draw different lines. Our square tool, our circle tool, can Our square tool, our circle tool, can Our square tool, our circle tool, can change brush size. Yeah, I mean change brush size. Yeah, I mean change brush size. Yeah, I mean everything's kind of working except for everything's kind of working except for everything's kind of working except for our paint bucket tool. our paint bucket tool. our paint bucket tool. We don't make mistakes. We have happy We don't make mistakes. We have happy We don't make mistakes. We have happy accidents. accidents. accidents. Paint bucket tool did not seem to work Paint bucket tool did not seem to work Paint bucket tool did not seem to work for whatever reason. Let's see. Does the for whatever reason. Let's see. Does the for whatever reason. Let's see. Does the save image button work? Yeah, it saved save image button work? Yeah, it saved save image button work? Yeah, it saved it as painting.png. Can I upload an it as painting.png. Can I upload an it as painting.png. Can I upload an image? Let's open up this thumbnail image? Let's open up this thumbnail image? Let's open up this thumbnail here. Yeah, I mean it opened up the here. Yeah, I mean it opened up the here. Yeah, I mean it opened up the thumbnail and I could draw on my thumbnail and I could draw on my thumbnail and I could draw on my thumbnail here. So everything's working thumbnail here. So everything's working thumbnail here. So everything's working except for the paint bucket. Let's jump except for the paint bucket. Let's jump except for the paint bucket. Let's jump back to warp real quick and just say back to warp real quick and just say back to warp real quick and just say everything's working perfectly except everything's working perfectly except everything's working perfectly except for the paint bucket. When using the for the paint bucket. When using the for the paint bucket. When using the paint bucket, it should fill in the paint bucket, it should fill in the paint bucket, it should fill in the space with a solid color. It took just a space with a solid color. It took just a space with a solid color. It took just a few seconds here. So let's refresh our few seconds here. So let's refresh our few seconds here. So let's refresh our page and see if our paint bucket is page and see if our paint bucket is page and see if our paint bucket is working. So I'll select the paint working. So I'll select the paint working. So I'll select the paint bucket. Let's go yellow. And yeah, it bucket. Let's go yellow. And yeah, it bucket. Let's go yellow. And yeah, it seems to be working. Let's try green. seems to be working. Let's try green. seems to be working. Let's try green. Let's uh let's draw a rectangle. I'll Let's uh let's draw a rectangle. I'll Let's uh let's draw a rectangle. I'll draw a blue rectangle here. And then draw a blue rectangle here. And then draw a blue rectangle here. And then we'll put orange inside the rectangle. we'll put orange inside the rectangle. we'll put orange inside the rectangle. Yeah. I mean, it does what Microsoft Yeah. I mean, it does what Microsoft Yeah. I mean, it does what Microsoft Paint does, and I did it with a couple Paint does, and I did it with a couple Paint does, and I did it with a couple prompts. Pretty freaking cool. And I prompts. Pretty freaking cool. And I prompts. Pretty freaking cool. And I drew you a self-portrait. You know how drew you a self-portrait. You know how drew you a self-portrait. You know how people send voice notes because it's people send voice notes because it's people send voice notes because it's faster than typing? The only downside is faster than typing? The only downside is faster than typing? The only downside is that they just sit there as audio. that they just sit there as audio. that they just sit there as audio. That's why I use Whisper Flow. It gives That's why I use Whisper Flow. It gives That's why I use Whisper Flow. It gives me the same speed advantage, but me the same speed advantage, but me the same speed advantage, but everything I say turns into clean everything I say turns into clean everything I say turns into clean formatted text in whatever app I'm formatted text in whatever app I'm formatted text in whatever app I'm using. Chat, GPT, Notion, Cursor, you using. Chat, GPT, Notion, Cursor, you using. Chat, GPT, Notion, Cursor, you name it. It even edits out the ums and name it. It even edits out the ums and name it. It even edits out the ums and fixes little corrections like Tuesday, fixes little corrections like Tuesday, fixes little corrections like Tuesday, wait no, Wednesday, and formats lists, wait no, Wednesday, and formats lists, wait no, Wednesday, and formats lists, emails, or code automatically. The emails, or code automatically. The emails, or code automatically. The biggest benefit is when I'm prompting AI biggest benefit is when I'm prompting AI biggest benefit is when I'm prompting AI tools, if I type something short and tools, if I type something short and tools, if I type something short and rushed, I get a basic response. But when rushed, I get a basic response. But when rushed, I get a basic response. But when I speak, it's even easier to give more I speak, it's even easier to give more I speak, it's even easier to give more context and get way better results. And context and get way better results. And context and get way better results. And if you're coding in tools like cursor, if you're coding in tools like cursor, if you're coding in tools like cursor, warp, or claude, flow actually warp, or claude, flow actually warp, or claude, flow actually understands your code. It handles understands your code. It handles understands your code. It handles technical terms, tags, files, and even technical terms, tags, files, and even technical terms, tags, files, and even gets variable names right. They also gets variable names right. They also gets variable names right. They also recently added snippets, little voice recently added snippets, little voice recently added snippets, little voice shortcuts that expand into full text. I shortcuts that expand into full text. I shortcuts that expand into full text. I can use them for things like my calendar can use them for things like my calendar can use them for things like my calendar link or a terminal command I use often. link or a terminal command I use often. link or a terminal command I use often. I just say it and Flow drops in the I just say it and Flow drops in the I just say it and Flow drops in the whole thing instantly. If you want to whole thing instantly. If you want to whole thing instantly. If you want to give it a shot, you can get an extra give it a shot, you can get an extra give it a shot, you can get an extra month of Flow Pro on top of the 14-day month of Flow Pro on top of the 14-day month of Flow Pro on top of the 14-day free trial with the code Mr. Eflow. So, free trial with the code Mr. Eflow. So, free trial with the code Mr. Eflow. So, while other people are leaving context while other people are leaving context while other people are leaving context out because typing takes too long, out because typing takes too long, out because typing takes too long, you'll be shipping better results by you'll be shipping better results by you'll be shipping better results by just speaking with Flow. Thank you so just speaking with Flow. Thank you so just speaking with Flow. Thank you so much to Whisper Flow for sponsoring this much to Whisper Flow for sponsoring this much to Whisper Flow for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back to it. video. Now, let's get back to it. video. Now, let's get back to it. Another tool that I think would be very, Another tool that I think would be very, Another tool that I think would be very, very helpful to have is a tool that very helpful to have is a tool that very helpful to have is a tool that converts any image file into a specific converts any image file into a specific converts any image file into a specific image file. So, for example, I can drop image file. So, for example, I can drop image file. So, for example, I can drop in a WEBP file and it'll convert it to a in a WEBP file and it'll convert it to a in a WEBP file and it'll convert it to a JPEG. Or I can drop in an AVIF file and JPEG. Or I can drop in an AVIF file and JPEG. Or I can drop in an AVIF file and convert it to a JPEG. As somebody who convert it to a JPEG. As somebody who convert it to a JPEG. As somebody who edits a lot of videos and does a lot of edits a lot of videos and does a lot of edits a lot of videos and does a lot of website building, having some of these website building, having some of these website building, having some of these other file types like WEBP and AVIF and other file types like WEBP and AVIF and other file types like WEBP and AVIF and TIFF files and things like that can get TIFF files and things like that can get TIFF files and things like that can get really annoying and I like to just really annoying and I like to just really annoying and I like to just convert them all to JPEG files before convert them all to JPEG files before convert them all to JPEG files before using them in a video or a place like using them in a video or a place like using them in a video or a place like that. Now, there are free tools out that. Now, there are free tools out that. Now, there are free tools out there like this free convert that I there like this free convert that I there like this free convert that I found and it will convert one file at a found and it will convert one file at a found and it will convert one file at a time, but if you want to bulk drop in time, but if you want to bulk drop in time, but if you want to bulk drop in like 20 images and have it work through like 20 images and have it work through like 20 images and have it work through each image, well, you got to pay for each image, well, you got to pay for each image, well, you got to pay for that feature. And their lowest plan is that feature. And their lowest plan is that feature. And their lowest plan is $13 a month for a tool where you drop in $13 a month for a tool where you drop in $13 a month for a tool where you drop in images and it changes the image file. We images and it changes the image file. We images and it changes the image file. We can do better than that. We could build can do better than that. We could build can do better than that. We could build our own that's free to use whenever we our own that's free to use whenever we our own that's free to use whenever we want to use it and works just as well. want to use it and works just as well. want to use it and works just as well. For this one, we'll use Claude. And I'll For this one, we'll use Claude. And I'll For this one, we'll use Claude. And I'll just use the Claude interface directly just use the Claude interface directly just use the Claude interface directly over at Claude AAI. And then I'll also over at Claude AAI. And then I'll also over at Claude AAI. And then I'll also use my little whisper tool to explain use my little whisper tool to explain use my little whisper tool to explain what I'm looking for. So I'll click into what I'm looking for. So I'll click into what I'm looking for. So I'll click into the prompt box here. I want an app where the prompt box here. I want an app where the prompt box here. I want an app where I can drag and drop any image file type I can drag and drop any image file type I can drag and drop any image file type and it will convert that file type into and it will convert that file type into and it will convert that file type into a JPEG. So whether it's a webp, an AVIF a JPEG. So whether it's a webp, an AVIF a JPEG. So whether it's a webp, an AVIF file, a TIFF file, any of those types of file, a TIFF file, any of those types of file, a TIFF file, any of those types of files, I want to be able to drop it in files, I want to be able to drop it in files, I want to be able to drop it in to this app and convert it into a JPEG. to this app and convert it into a JPEG. to this app and convert it into a JPEG. Now, also, I want to be able to bulk Now, also, I want to be able to bulk Now, also, I want to be able to bulk drag and drop a ton of files in at once drag and drop a ton of files in at once drag and drop a ton of files in at once and have it work through one by one and and have it work through one by one and and have it work through one by one and convert each file to a JPEG so I can convert each file to a JPEG so I can convert each file to a JPEG so I can bulk upload a bunch of files. I want it bulk upload a bunch of files. I want it bulk upload a bunch of files. I want it to be built on Python so I can run it on to be built on Python so I can run it on to be built on Python so I can run it on my desktop without even needing an my desktop without even needing an my desktop without even needing an internet connection. Whisper just internet connection. Whisper just internet connection. Whisper just converted everything I just said into a converted everything I just said into a converted everything I just said into a giant wall of text. I'm just going to giant wall of text. I'm just going to giant wall of text. I'm just going to double check it real quick to make sure double check it real quick to make sure double check it real quick to make sure it got all my ideas correctly. it got all my ideas correctly. it got all my ideas correctly. Everything looks good. So, let's go Everything looks good. So, let's go Everything looks good. So, let's go ahead and submit it and let Claude build ahead and submit it and let Claude build ahead and submit it and let Claude build this out for us. Claude gets to work this out for us. Claude gets to work this out for us. Claude gets to work writing the code for us. It split the writing the code for us. It split the writing the code for us. It split the chat off to the left and we can actually chat off to the left and we can actually chat off to the left and we can actually see the code being written in real time see the code being written in real time see the code being written in real time off to the right. So one prompt and off to the right. So one prompt and off to the right. So one prompt and we've got our code written over here. we've got our code written over here. we've got our code written over here. Features universal format support. So Features universal format support. So Features universal format support. So WEBP, AVIF, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF or GIF, WEBP, AVIF, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF or GIF, WEBP, AVIF, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF or GIF, HEIC, and more. Bulk processing, convert HEIC, and more. Bulk processing, convert HEIC, and more. Bulk processing, convert multiple files at once, etc. So it looks multiple files at once, etc. So it looks multiple files at once, etc. So it looks like it designed it to do everything I like it designed it to do everything I like it designed it to do everything I want it to do. And here it's telling me want it to do. And here it's telling me want it to do. And here it's telling me how to install it. So I need to install how to install it. So I need to install how to install it. So I need to install a few dependencies on my computer first. a few dependencies on my computer first. a few dependencies on my computer first. I have a folder on my computer called I have a folder on my computer called I have a folder on my computer called code where I put the little apps that code where I put the little apps that code where I put the little apps that I'm building. I'll just create a new I'm building. I'll just create a new I'm building. I'll just create a new folder here and we'll call it image folder here and we'll call it image folder here and we'll call it image convert. Now I'm going to open up my convert. Now I'm going to open up my convert. Now I'm going to open up my terminal. And this should work the same terminal. And this should work the same terminal. And this should work the same way whether you're on a Mac or a PC. way whether you're on a Mac or a PC. way whether you're on a Mac or a PC. We'll change our directory to make sure We'll change our directory to make sure We'll change our directory to make sure we're in the right place. So now I'm in we're in the right place. So now I'm in we're in the right place. So now I'm in this image convert directory that I just this image convert directory that I just this image convert directory that I just created. Follow the instructions that it created. Follow the instructions that it created. Follow the instructions that it told us to do. So we'll install pillow. told us to do. So we'll install pillow. told us to do. So we'll install pillow. I guess since I'm on a Mac, I actually I guess since I'm on a Mac, I actually I guess since I'm on a Mac, I actually have to use pip 3 install pillow instead have to use pip 3 install pillow instead have to use pip 3 install pillow instead of just pip. That's what claude just of just pip. That's what claude just of just pip. That's what claude just told me at least. And then our next told me at least. And then our next told me at least. And then our next step, we copy this code that it told us step, we copy this code that it told us step, we copy this code that it told us to install tinter dnd2. I don't know if to install tinter dnd2. I don't know if to install tinter dnd2. I don't know if that's how you pronounce it or not. that's how you pronounce it or not. that's how you pronounce it or not. Paste this in. Now it's installed that. Paste this in. Now it's installed that. Paste this in. Now it's installed that. And it wants me to save this file that And it wants me to save this file that And it wants me to save this file that it created for us as image converter. it created for us as image converter. it created for us as image converter. py. I'm going to come to this folder, go py. I'm going to come to this folder, go py. I'm going to come to this folder, go into this image convert that we just into this image convert that we just into this image convert that we just created. We'll create a new document created. We'll create a new document created. We'll create a new document inside this folder and we need to name inside this folder and we need to name inside this folder and we need to name it image_converter.py. Copy our code from over here. Paste it Copy our code from over here. Paste it Copy our code from over here. Paste it into our text editor here. And we will into our text editor here. And we will into our text editor here. And we will save it. And it saved it as an RTF file save it. And it saved it as an RTF file save it. And it saved it as an RTF file and not a Python file. So I'm going to and not a Python file. So I'm going to and not a Python file. So I'm going to remove the RTF and we'll use py. Now if remove the RTF and we'll use py. Now if remove the RTF and we'll use py. Now if I grab the code that it tells me to use I grab the code that it tells me to use I grab the code that it tells me to use to run this file here. Pop this back to run this file here. Pop this back to run this file here. Pop this back into our terminal. And look at this into our terminal. And look at this into our terminal. And look at this image.j JPEG converter. It's all built image.j JPEG converter. It's all built image.j JPEG converter. It's all built and we can just drag and drop files in and we can just drag and drop files in and we can just drag and drop files in here to convert them to JPEG. So, I have here to convert them to JPEG. So, I have here to convert them to JPEG. So, I have this PNG image on my computer. Let's go this PNG image on my computer. Let's go this PNG image on my computer. Let's go ahead and drag this image in and see if ahead and drag this image in and see if ahead and drag this image in and see if it'll convert this PNG to a JPEG. The it'll convert this PNG to a JPEG. The it'll convert this PNG to a JPEG. The colors are a little wonky. I'd probably colors are a little wonky. I'd probably colors are a little wonky. I'd probably want to fix that. But, let's find out if want to fix that. But, let's find out if want to fix that. But, let's find out if the software actually works. So, I'll the software actually works. So, I'll the software actually works. So, I'll convert to JPEG. It asked me where I convert to JPEG. It asked me where I convert to JPEG. It asked me where I want to save it. I'll put it in my want to save it. I'll put it in my want to save it. I'll put it in my downloads folder here. Conversion downloads folder here. Conversion downloads folder here. Conversion complete. One successful. And looking in complete. One successful. And looking in complete. One successful. And looking in my downloads folder, we can see that it my downloads folder, we can see that it my downloads folder, we can see that it created the image and saved it as a created the image and saved it as a created the image and saved it as a JPEG. Here I have this file on my JPEG. Here I have this file on my JPEG. Here I have this file on my computer. That's a WEBP file. Let's go computer. That's a WEBP file. Let's go computer. That's a WEBP file. Let's go ahead and toss this one in. All right, ahead and toss this one in. All right, ahead and toss this one in. All right, one file ready for conversion. Convert one file ready for conversion. Convert one file ready for conversion. Convert to JPEG. I'll just save it to downloads to JPEG. I'll just save it to downloads to JPEG. I'll just save it to downloads again. And successful. And there we go. again. And successful. And there we go. again. And successful. And there we go. It saved that exact same image as a JPEG It saved that exact same image as a JPEG It saved that exact same image as a JPEG instead of a WEBP file. One last test. I instead of a WEBP file. One last test. I instead of a WEBP file. One last test. I want to throw multiple images in there want to throw multiple images in there want to throw multiple images in there and see if it will batch convert and see if it will batch convert and see if it will batch convert multiple. So I'll pick a few PNGs. I've multiple. So I'll pick a few PNGs. I've multiple. So I'll pick a few PNGs. I've got this one here. Toss it in. Here's got this one here. Toss it in. Here's got this one here. Toss it in. Here's another one that I have a PNG. I'll toss another one that I have a PNG. I'll toss another one that I have a PNG. I'll toss this one in. Let's throw in a WEBP file this one in. Let's throw in a WEBP file this one in. Let's throw in a WEBP file as well. I've got this is a WEBP file. as well. I've got this is a WEBP file. as well. I've got this is a WEBP file. So, I'll toss that in. So, now we have So, I'll toss that in. So, now we have So, I'll toss that in. So, now we have three files ready for conversion. Let's three files ready for conversion. Let's three files ready for conversion. Let's convert to JPEG. Save them all to our convert to JPEG. Save them all to our convert to JPEG. Save them all to our downloads folder. Conversion complete. downloads folder. Conversion complete. downloads folder. Conversion complete. Three successful. Let me double check. Three successful. Let me double check. Three successful. Let me double check. And look at this. Man with kitten JPEG. And look at this. Man with kitten JPEG. And look at this. Man with kitten JPEG. MW Beard inverted JPEG. And this image MW Beard inverted JPEG. And this image MW Beard inverted JPEG. And this image as a JPEG. So, it does exactly what I as a JPEG. So, it does exactly what I as a JPEG. So, it does exactly what I want it to do. Don't have to pay want it to do. Don't have to pay want it to do. Don't have to pay monthly. And I can drop a batch of files monthly. And I can drop a batch of files monthly. And I can drop a batch of files in here. Pretty cool. Finally, I want to in here. Pretty cool. Finally, I want to in here. Pretty cool. Finally, I want to build an app that can transcribe videos build an app that can transcribe videos build an app that can transcribe videos for me. So, if I'm recording a video for for me. So, if I'm recording a video for for me. So, if I'm recording a video for my YouTube channel and I want the my YouTube channel and I want the my YouTube channel and I want the transcription before it's live on transcription before it's live on transcription before it's live on YouTube, so I can, you know, write notes YouTube, so I can, you know, write notes YouTube, so I can, you know, write notes about it or get my chapter titles or about it or get my chapter titles or about it or get my chapter titles or things like that, I can do that. Now, things like that, I can do that. Now, things like that, I can do that. Now, there's tools out there that will do there's tools out there that will do there's tools out there that will do transcriptions for you, like Descript, transcriptions for you, like Descript, transcriptions for you, like Descript, which charges as little as 16 bucks a which charges as little as 16 bucks a which charges as little as 16 bucks a month. And there's also tools like Rev month. And there's also tools like Rev month. And there's also tools like Rev that can do transcriptions that give you that can do transcriptions that give you that can do transcriptions that give you 45 minutes free per month, but then you 45 minutes free per month, but then you 45 minutes free per month, but then you need to upgrade for 10 bucks a month if need to upgrade for 10 bucks a month if need to upgrade for 10 bucks a month if you want to keep transcribing. So, let's you want to keep transcribing. So, let's you want to keep transcribing. So, let's build a tool real quick where I could build a tool real quick where I could build a tool real quick where I could drag and drop any video in and it will drag and drop any video in and it will drag and drop any video in and it will transcribe it for me. Now, the tool I'm transcribe it for me. Now, the tool I'm transcribe it for me. Now, the tool I'm going to make won't technically be free going to make won't technically be free going to make won't technically be free to use. I'm going to need to use an API to use. I'm going to need to use an API to use. I'm going to need to use an API key from a service that does the key from a service that does the key from a service that does the transcription. But when I use my API transcription. But when I use my API transcription. But when I use my API key, it's going to allow me to key, it's going to allow me to key, it's going to allow me to transcribe video and audio files, but transcribe video and audio files, but transcribe video and audio files, but it's going to cost like fractions of a it's going to cost like fractions of a it's going to cost like fractions of a penny per minute to do it. My favorite penny per minute to do it. My favorite penny per minute to do it. My favorite transcription API is actually from transcription API is actually from transcription API is actually from Assembly AI. They do speech to text, but Assembly AI. They do speech to text, but Assembly AI. They do speech to text, but if we look at their pricing, when you if we look at their pricing, when you if we look at their pricing, when you first sign up, you get $50 in free first sign up, you get $50 in free first sign up, you get $50 in free credits, which gets you up to 185 hours credits, which gets you up to 185 hours credits, which gets you up to 185 hours of transcription. And then you move to of transcription. And then you move to of transcription. And then you move to like a pay as you go plan. And then it like a pay as you go plan. And then it like a pay as you go plan. And then it costs 27 per hour. So you could record a costs 27 per hour. So you could record a costs 27 per hour. So you could record a full hourong video and it will only cost full hourong video and it will only cost full hourong video and it will only cost you a little more than a quarter to you a little more than a quarter to you a little more than a quarter to transcribe the whole thing. So we'll go transcribe the whole thing. So we'll go transcribe the whole thing. So we'll go ahead and use the API from Assembly AI. ahead and use the API from Assembly AI. ahead and use the API from Assembly AI. I've already created an account, so I'll I've already created an account, so I'll I've already created an account, so I'll go ahead and log in. You can see when I go ahead and log in. You can see when I go ahead and log in. You can see when I log into my Assembly AI account, I've log into my Assembly AI account, I've log into my Assembly AI account, I've only used about $862 only used about $862 only used about $862 of my credits and still have over $41 of my credits and still have over $41 of my credits and still have over $41 remaining. So, here's how we're going to remaining. So, here's how we're going to remaining. So, here's how we're going to build this app. We're going to use our build this app. We're going to use our build this app. We're going to use our API key from Assembly. So, I'm going to API key from Assembly. So, I'm going to API key from Assembly. So, I'm going to go over to API keys here on the left, go over to API keys here on the left, go over to API keys here on the left, and I'm going to create a new API key, and I'm going to create a new API key, and I'm going to create a new API key, and we're going to call this demo video and we're going to call this demo video and we're going to call this demo video because I'm going to delete this API key because I'm going to delete this API key because I'm going to delete this API key after this video is live because you after this video is live because you after this video is live because you never want to share your API keys with never want to share your API keys with never want to share your API keys with anybody, otherwise other people will be anybody, otherwise other people will be anybody, otherwise other people will be able to use your account. So, let's go able to use your account. So, let's go able to use your account. So, let's go ahead and create this and then we'll ahead and create this and then we'll ahead and create this and then we'll copy the API key that it created for us copy the API key that it created for us copy the API key that it created for us for this demo video. Now, to create the for this demo video. Now, to create the for this demo video. Now, to create the app this time, I'm just going to go app this time, I'm just going to go app this time, I'm just going to go ahead and use chatgpt to create it. And ahead and use chatgpt to create it. And ahead and use chatgpt to create it. And just for some bonus points, I'm on a just for some bonus points, I'm on a just for some bonus points, I'm on a free ChatgPT plan. You can see down in free ChatgPT plan. You can see down in free ChatgPT plan. You can see down in the bottom left, I'm logged into my free the bottom left, I'm logged into my free the bottom left, I'm logged into my free account. So, we're going to see if we account. So, we're going to see if we account. So, we're going to see if we can build this app without using one of can build this app without using one of can build this app without using one of the premium accounts. So, inside of our the premium accounts. So, inside of our the premium accounts. So, inside of our prompt box, I'm going to go ahead and prompt box, I'm going to go ahead and prompt box, I'm going to go ahead and use Whisper Flow again here. build me an use Whisper Flow again here. build me an use Whisper Flow again here. build me an app where I can drag and drop either a app where I can drag and drop either a app where I can drag and drop either a video or audio file into the app and it video or audio file into the app and it video or audio file into the app and it will transcribe all of the audio from will transcribe all of the audio from will transcribe all of the audio from whatever I upload. We're going to use whatever I upload. We're going to use whatever I upload. We're going to use the Assembly AI API key for the actual the Assembly AI API key for the actual the Assembly AI API key for the actual transcription service. And I want this transcription service. And I want this transcription service. And I want this to be browserbased. So I want to be able to be browserbased. So I want to be able to be browserbased. So I want to be able to drag and drop a file straight into to drag and drop a file straight into to drag and drop a file straight into the browser, have it transcribe it, and the browser, have it transcribe it, and the browser, have it transcribe it, and then in the same window give me back the then in the same window give me back the then in the same window give me back the transcription. So, I basically just transcription. So, I basically just transcription. So, I basically just explained it using Whisper, but it's explained it using Whisper, but it's explained it using Whisper, but it's going to need the API key that we just going to need the API key that we just going to need the API key that we just created from Assembly AI to build this. created from Assembly AI to build this. created from Assembly AI to build this. So, let's go ahead and put here is my So, let's go ahead and put here is my So, let's go ahead and put here is my API key for Assembly AI. And I'll paste API key for Assembly AI. And I'll paste API key for Assembly AI. And I'll paste it in like that. Use this for the it in like that. Use this for the it in like that. Use this for the transcription service. Because I haven't transcription service. Because I haven't transcription service. Because I haven't used my think longer for the day, let's used my think longer for the day, let's used my think longer for the day, let's go ahead and turn on think longer and go ahead and turn on think longer and go ahead and turn on think longer and get it to work a little bit harder on get it to work a little bit harder on get it to work a little bit harder on this one. It thought for 29 seconds and this one. It thought for 29 seconds and this one. It thought for 29 seconds and now it's writing my code for me. I tried now it's writing my code for me. I tried now it's writing my code for me. I tried running it. It gave me this error right running it. It gave me this error right running it. It gave me this error right here. So, I'm going to just feed this here. So, I'm going to just feed this here. So, I'm going to just feed this error right back into chatgpt. I error right back into chatgpt. I error right back into chatgpt. I received the following error when trying received the following error when trying received the following error when trying to run this inside of the canvas in to run this inside of the canvas in to run this inside of the canvas in chatgpt. So, I just gave it some chatgpt. So, I just gave it some chatgpt. So, I just gave it some instructions and now I'm going to go instructions and now I'm going to go instructions and now I'm going to go ahead and put the error I got in quotes ahead and put the error I got in quotes ahead and put the error I got in quotes so it can see it. And uh let's see if it so it can see it. And uh let's see if it so it can see it. And uh let's see if it can fix this for us. I ran into a couple can fix this for us. I ran into a couple can fix this for us. I ran into a couple more bugs. I had to tell chat GPT the more bugs. I had to tell chat GPT the more bugs. I had to tell chat GPT the bugs and asked it to fix the bugs a bugs and asked it to fix the bugs a bugs and asked it to fix the bugs a couple times, but now I think we've got couple times, but now I think we've got couple times, but now I think we've got a version that's working. And again, a version that's working. And again, a version that's working. And again, still on the free plan here. So, if I still on the free plan here. So, if I still on the free plan here. So, if I click on preview, we can see it loads up click on preview, we can see it loads up click on preview, we can see it loads up our app here. I don't like the our app here. I don't like the our app here. I don't like the background color and text choice it used background color and text choice it used background color and text choice it used like, you know, black on a dark gray like, you know, black on a dark gray like, you know, black on a dark gray background. Not ideal. Obviously, an background. Not ideal. Obviously, an background. Not ideal. Obviously, an easy fix. Just tell it to change the easy fix. Just tell it to change the easy fix. Just tell it to change the font color. But let's go ahead and drop font color. But let's go ahead and drop font color. But let's go ahead and drop in an audio video file here. In fact, in an audio video file here. In fact, in an audio video file here. In fact, this is the video of the ad read that I this is the video of the ad read that I this is the video of the ad read that I did earlier in the video you're watching did earlier in the video you're watching did earlier in the video you're watching for Whisper Flow. If I drag and drop for Whisper Flow. If I drag and drop for Whisper Flow. If I drag and drop this in, we can see it uploads my file. this in, we can see it uploads my file. this in, we can see it uploads my file. You can barely read it, but you can see You can barely read it, but you can see You can barely read it, but you can see status uploading Whisper Flow and the status uploading Whisper Flow and the status uploading Whisper Flow and the percentage going up. Now, we have status percentage going up. Now, we have status percentage going up. Now, we have status transcribing. This may take a minute. transcribing. This may take a minute. transcribing. This may take a minute. And we have our transcript from the ad. And we have our transcript from the ad. And we have our transcript from the ad. You know how people send voice notes You know how people send voice notes You know how people send voice notes because it's faster than typing. The because it's faster than typing. The because it's faster than typing. The only downside is that they just sit only downside is that they just sit only downside is that they just sit there as audio. So, it pulled in the there as audio. So, it pulled in the there as audio. So, it pulled in the whole video I just recorded and whole video I just recorded and whole video I just recorded and transcribed it. And if I jump back over transcribed it. And if I jump back over transcribed it. And if I jump back over to Assembly AI over here, click on my to Assembly AI over here, click on my to Assembly AI over here, click on my cost here, you can see that it cost me cost here, you can see that it cost me cost here, you can see that it cost me slightly more than three pennies. Tools slightly more than three pennies. Tools slightly more than three pennies. Tools like Descript and Rev are great, but if like Descript and Rev are great, but if like Descript and Rev are great, but if I can transcribe something for 3 cents I can transcribe something for 3 cents I can transcribe something for 3 cents versus 10 bucks a month, might be a versus 10 bucks a month, might be a versus 10 bucks a month, might be a little bit preferable. So, there you little bit preferable. So, there you little bit preferable. So, there you have it. There's a few tools that I have it. There's a few tools that I have it. There's a few tools that I found paid versions for and went, let's found paid versions for and went, let's found paid versions for and went, let's just go ahead and create this ourselves just go ahead and create this ourselves just go ahead and create this ourselves so we don't have to pay a monthly fee so we don't have to pay a monthly fee so we don't have to pay a monthly fee for it. And this is one of the things for it. And this is one of the things for it. And this is one of the things that I love using AI for lately. It's that I love using AI for lately. It's that I love using AI for lately. It's not going to like recreate an entire not going to like recreate an entire not going to like recreate an entire like HubSpot CRM for you right now. But like HubSpot CRM for you right now. But like HubSpot CRM for you right now. But little apps that you might find helpful little apps that you might find helpful little apps that you might find helpful or finding little bottlenecks in your or finding little bottlenecks in your or finding little bottlenecks in your business where you can build a mini app business where you can build a mini app business where you can build a mini app to solve that bottleneck, AI is amazing to solve that bottleneck, AI is amazing to solve that bottleneck, AI is amazing for that. And I just gave you three for that. And I just gave you three for that. And I just gave you three demos with three different tools. We demos with three different tools. We demos with three different tools. We used Warp, we used Claude, we used used Warp, we used Claude, we used used Warp, we used Claude, we used ChatGpt. All of them were able to build ChatGpt. All of them were able to build ChatGpt. All of them were able to build these little basic apps that solve small these little basic apps that solve small these little basic apps that solve small problems for us. AI is great at that. problems for us. AI is great at that. problems for us. AI is great at that. And hopefully this got your wheels And hopefully this got your wheels And hopefully this got your wheels turning about other little apps that turning about other little apps that turning about other little apps that maybe you might want to create for maybe you might want to create for maybe you might want to create for yourself. Something that you're sick of yourself. Something that you're sick of yourself. Something that you're sick of paying, you know, $9.99 a month for paying, you know, $9.99 a month for paying, you know, $9.99 a month for because it can be built really quickly because it can be built really quickly because it can be built really quickly and then used for free in perpetuity and then used for free in perpetuity and then used for free in perpetuity after that. and I can't wait to see what after that. and I can't wait to see what after that. and I can't wait to see what you create. All of the apps that I've you create. All of the apps that I've you create. All of the apps that I've created are actually available on my created are actually available on my created are actually available on my GitHub. So, if you want to download them GitHub. So, if you want to download them GitHub. So, if you want to download them for free and build off them and iterate for free and build off them and iterate for free and build off them and iterate off them, they are available on GitHub. off them, they are available on GitHub. off them, they are available on GitHub. I will link up my GitHub in the I will link up my GitHub in the I will link up my GitHub in the description below if you want to go description below if you want to go description below if you want to go check them out and download them. check them out and download them. check them out and download them. They'll be totally available for free, They'll be totally available for free, They'll be totally available for free, open source, you can do what you want open source, you can do what you want open source, you can do what you want with them. If you do build something with them. If you do build something with them. If you do build something cool, tag me on X or Instagram or cool, tag me on X or Instagram or cool, tag me on X or Instagram or Facebook or whatever your platform of Facebook or whatever your platform of Facebook or whatever your platform of choice is. Let me know what you built. I choice is. Let me know what you built. I choice is. Let me know what you built. I want to see it. Maybe I'll even do a want to see it. Maybe I'll even do a want to see it. Maybe I'll even do a future video where we round up some of future video where we round up some of future video where we round up some of the cool tools that you guys have built the cool tools that you guys have built the cool tools that you guys have built based on trying some of this stuff. But based on trying some of this stuff. But based on trying some of this stuff. But that's what I got for you today. Thank that's what I got for you today. Thank that's what I got for you today. Thank you so much for tuning in. I really, you so much for tuning in. I really, you so much for tuning in. I really, really appreciate you hanging out, really appreciate you hanging out, really appreciate you hanging out, nerding out with me. Some of this stuff nerding out with me. Some of this stuff nerding out with me. Some of this stuff is so much fun. I just have an absolute is so much fun. I just have an absolute is so much fun. I just have an absolute blast playing with these AI tools and blast playing with these AI tools and blast playing with these AI tools and building stuff and putting things into building stuff and putting things into building stuff and putting things into the world that didn't really exist the world that didn't really exist the world that didn't really exist before I worked with AI to make them before I worked with AI to make them before I worked with AI to make them exist. So, super fun stuff. I'm so happy exist. So, super fun stuff. I'm so happy exist. So, super fun stuff. I'm so happy and appreciative that I have people that and appreciative that I have people that and appreciative that I have people that want to nerd out and watch this stuff want to nerd out and watch this stuff want to nerd out and watch this stuff with me. And uh yeah, if you want more with me. And uh yeah, if you want more with me. And uh yeah, if you want more stuff like this, let me know in the stuff like this, let me know in the stuff like this, let me know in the comments and I will do my best to comments and I will do my best to comments and I will do my best to accommodate. And again, if you like accommodate. And again, if you like accommodate. And again, if you like this, like, subscribe, do all the things this, like, subscribe, do all the things this, like, subscribe, do all the things that all the other YouTubers tell you to that all the other YouTubers tell you to that all the other YouTubers tell you to do. It really helps the channel grow. do. It really helps the channel grow. do. It really helps the channel grow. Really appreciate you. I'm done Really appreciate you. I'm done Really appreciate you. I'm done rambling. Hopefully, I'll see you in the rambling. Hopefully, I'll see you in the rambling. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like nerding out with me today. If you like nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a videos like this, make sure to give it a videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this I'll make sure more videos like this I'll make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you show up in your YouTube feed. And if you show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out haven't already, check out haven't already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
