Title: How to make accurate UI Tweak in Cursor with Stagewise
Channel: AI Jason
======================================================================

So I found this plug-in called stage So I found this plug-in called stage So I found this plug-in called stage wise that allow you to do very granular wise that allow you to do very granular wise that allow you to do very granular UI updates and changes with cursor by UI updates and changes with cursor by UI updates and changes with cursor by communicating and selecting specific UI communicating and selecting specific UI communicating and selecting specific UI elements that you want to make changes elements that you want to make changes elements that you want to make changes because quite often when you use cursor because quite often when you use cursor because quite often when you use cursor to implement UI applications it will get to implement UI applications it will get to implement UI applications it will get you to 80% of what you want but they're you to 80% of what you want but they're you to 80% of what you want but they're just like last 10 to 20% of UI that just like last 10 to 20% of UI that just like last 10 to 20% of UI that didn't looks right and you want to make didn't looks right and you want to make didn't looks right and you want to make changes and those kind of granular changes and those kind of granular changes and those kind of granular changes often not that easy. What stage changes often not that easy. What stage changes often not that easy. What stage wise does is that it allow you to select wise does is that it allow you to select wise does is that it allow you to select very specific UI elements directly in very specific UI elements directly in very specific UI elements directly in browser and communicate those elements browser and communicate those elements browser and communicate those elements to cursor very effectively. Here is how to cursor very effectively. Here is how to cursor very effectively. Here is how you can set up. So we can go to cursor you can set up. So we can go to cursor you can set up. So we can go to cursor extension search for stage wise and you extension search for stage wise and you extension search for stage wise and you should be able to just install the should be able to just install the should be able to just install the extension here directly. Once installed, extension here directly. Once installed, extension here directly. Once installed, you can open cursor in any existing web you can open cursor in any existing web you can open cursor in any existing web project and all you need to do just do project and all you need to do just do project and all you need to do just do command shiftp and search for stage wise command shiftp and search for stage wise command shiftp and search for stage wise and it will have this auto setup stage and it will have this auto setup stage and it will have this auto setup stage wise toolbar option. If you click on that it should option. If you click on that it should option. If you click on that it should trigger a message in the chat on the trigger a message in the chat on the trigger a message in the chat on the right side where it will start setting right side where it will start setting right side where it will start setting up stage wise properly in your existing up stage wise properly in your existing up stage wise properly in your existing project. So it will automatically look project. So it will automatically look project. So it will automatically look at package to understand did you build at package to understand did you build at package to understand did you build the whole web app in Nex.js or react and the whole web app in Nex.js or react and the whole web app in Nex.js or react and use the right package and setup and once use the right package and setup and once use the right package and setup and once it's done you can accept and now if you it's done you can accept and now if you it's done you can accept and now if you run this web project at the bottom you run this web project at the bottom you run this web project at the bottom you will see this floating bar and you can will see this floating bar and you can will see this floating bar and you can just click on that and then you'll be just click on that and then you'll be just click on that and then you'll be able to choose any UI elements on the able to choose any UI elements on the able to choose any UI elements on the screen. So I can select this button or I screen. So I can select this button or I screen. So I can select this button or I can select multiple button as well if I can select multiple button as well if I can select multiple button as well if I want and give a prompt make all buttons want and give a prompt make all buttons want and give a prompt make all buttons border radio larger let's say and if I border radio larger let's say and if I border radio larger let's say and if I send it on the right side you can see it send it on the right side you can see it send it on the right side you can see it will automatically trigger a message in will automatically trigger a message in will automatically trigger a message in cursor inside this message it has cursor inside this message it has cursor inside this message it has special prompt it will include specific special prompt it will include specific special prompt it will include specific prompt that you just put in the URL as prompt that you just put in the URL as prompt that you just put in the URL as well as detailed information of the UI well as detailed information of the UI well as detailed information of the UI elements that you selected so if I elements that you selected so if I elements that you selected so if I accept it and now you can see all the accept it and now you can see all the accept it and now you can see all the buttons are fully rounded buttons are fully rounded buttons are fully rounded And cool part of using stage wise is And cool part of using stage wise is And cool part of using stage wise is because it is communicate very clearly because it is communicate very clearly because it is communicate very clearly specific div element as well as relevant specific div element as well as relevant specific div element as well as relevant class. Then when make change it will class. Then when make change it will class. Then when make change it will actually make global change across all actually make global change across all actually make global change across all the similar the similar the similar elements instead of just changing one elements instead of just changing one elements instead of just changing one specific elements. And if you want you specific elements. And if you want you specific elements. And if you want you can also select multiple which is really useful. You can also do a bit more like useful. You can also do a bit more like useful. You can also do a bit more like sophisticated change that will be a bit sophisticated change that will be a bit sophisticated change that will be a bit difficult to communicate. For example, I can choose this show more example, I can choose this show more example, I can choose this show more button as well as space here where it is button as well as space here where it is button as well as space here where it is used to show the labels and give it used to show the labels and give it used to show the labels and give it prompt. I want to making sure text and prompt. I want to making sure text and prompt. I want to making sure text and show more button are in line on same row show more button are in line on same row show more button are in line on same row where text on the left and show more where text on the left and show more where text on the left and show more button on the right. And now you can see button on the right. And now you can see button on the right. And now you can see that it is on the same row but I want it that it is on the same row but I want it that it is on the same row but I want it to be like right align. So I can choose to be like right align. So I can choose to be like right align. So I can choose this thing again and give a prompt. this thing again and give a prompt. this thing again and give a prompt. This weights should be This weights should be This weights should be 100%. So show more button is like right 100%. So show more button is like right 100%. So show more button is like right side floating. So now you can see that side floating. So now you can see that side floating. So now you can see that show more button is on the right side show more button is on the right side show more button is on the right side and the the tag is on the left. So this and the the tag is on the left. So this and the the tag is on the left. So this example of how can you use stage wise to example of how can you use stage wise to example of how can you use stage wise to do this. UI fine-tuning very easily. do this. UI fine-tuning very easily. do this. UI fine-tuning very easily. There are more cool examples on their There are more cool examples on their There are more cool examples on their website where you can like do a bit more website where you can like do a bit more website where you can like do a bit more sophisticated change on the UI by sophisticated change on the UI by sophisticated change on the UI by selecting those items and convert them selecting those items and convert them selecting those items and convert them into like accordion or change a table's into like accordion or change a table's into like accordion or change a table's label into a different color very easily label into a different color very easily label into a different color very easily and accurately. And what I saw really and accurately. And what I saw really and accurately. And what I saw really cool is how they implement this cool is how they implement this cool is how they implement this interaction that directly send message interaction that directly send message interaction that directly send message inside the cursor. This kind of achieves inside the cursor. This kind of achieves inside the cursor. This kind of achieves some really interesting UX that I didn't some really interesting UX that I didn't some really interesting UX that I didn't think of before. And I'm sure this is think of before. And I'm sure this is think of before. And I'm sure this is just like starting point of stage wise just like starting point of stage wise just like starting point of stage wise plugin. There probably more plugin. There probably more plugin. There probably more functionalities I imagine they were functionalities I imagine they were functionalities I imagine they were adding. So this is just one example of adding. So this is just one example of adding. So this is just one example of how can you use uh tools like stage wise how can you use uh tools like stage wise how can you use uh tools like stage wise to fine-tune the UI further. If you're to fine-tune the UI further. If you're to fine-tune the UI further. If you're interested, you can join AI builder club interested, you can join AI builder club interested, you can join AI builder club where I share advanced tips and tricks where I share advanced tips and tricks where I share advanced tips and tricks about AI codings and building production about AI codings and building production about AI codings and building production ready large model application from ready large model application from ready large model application from either myself and other industry either myself and other industry either myself and other industry experts. And we also provide tools like experts. And we also provide tools like experts. And we also provide tools like SAS launch kit as well as tax coder that SAS launch kit as well as tax coder that SAS launch kit as well as tax coder that will help you generate prd and cursor will help you generate prd and cursor will help you generate prd and cursor rules. So if you're interested feel free rules. So if you're interested feel free rules. So if you're interested feel free to join EI builder club. Thank you and I to join EI builder club. Thank you and I to join EI builder club. Thank you and I see you next
