Title: How to Automate Viral TikTok Videos
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

Why? Why? Why? Why is that the B-roll it Why? Why? Why? Why is that the B-roll it Why? Why? Why? Why is that the B-roll it chose? Have you been seeing these like science Have you been seeing these like science Have you been seeing these like science explainer videos pop up in your feed? explainer videos pop up in your feed? explainer videos pop up in your feed? You know, the ones where they're like, they're like one step away from a Coco they're like one step away from a Coco they're like one step away from a Coco Melon song. The most popular I've seen Melon song. The most popular I've seen Melon song. The most popular I've seen is from a Tik Tok account called is from a Tik Tok account called is from a Tik Tok account called Learning with Lyrics. And these guys are Learning with Lyrics. And these guys are Learning with Lyrics. And these guys are kind of killing it right now. These kind of killing it right now. These kind of killing it right now. These things are super viral, like autotuned things are super viral, like autotuned things are super viral, like autotuned songs with lessons that feel straight songs with lessons that feel straight songs with lessons that feel straight out of a high school textbook. And for out of a high school textbook. And for out of a high school textbook. And for some people, this has clearly become a some people, this has clearly become a some people, this has clearly become a pretty lucrative side hustle. pretty lucrative side hustle. pretty lucrative side hustle. Personally, I've never really wondered Personally, I've never really wondered Personally, I've never really wondered how an air conditioner works. But damn how an air conditioner works. But damn how an air conditioner works. But damn it, I just spent 3 minutes learning all it, I just spent 3 minutes learning all it, I just spent 3 minutes learning all the ins and outs of climate control the ins and outs of climate control the ins and outs of climate control thanks to these stupid addictive videos. thanks to these stupid addictive videos. thanks to these stupid addictive videos. But by now, you've probably guessed it. But by now, you've probably guessed it. But by now, you've probably guessed it. I like side hustles and I like money. I like side hustles and I like money. I like side hustles and I like money. So, I want to make one of these accounts So, I want to make one of these accounts So, I want to make one of these accounts for myself and start raking it in. I for myself and start raking it in. I for myself and start raking it in. I have a pretty solid idea of how these have a pretty solid idea of how these have a pretty solid idea of how these creators are putting these together, creators are putting these together, creators are putting these together, too. Unfortunately, I just haven't had too. Unfortunately, I just haven't had too. Unfortunately, I just haven't had the time to create them. So, effective the time to create them. So, effective the time to create them. So, effective immediately. No, I'm just screwing with immediately. No, I'm just screwing with immediately. No, I'm just screwing with you. But, I did think it would be a fun you. But, I did think it would be a fun you. But, I did think it would be a fun idea to try to recreate these things, idea to try to recreate these things, idea to try to recreate these things, show you exactly how it's done, and show you exactly how it's done, and show you exactly how it's done, and possibly even put the whole thing on possibly even put the whole thing on possibly even put the whole thing on autopilot. So, let's go ahead and dive autopilot. So, let's go ahead and dive autopilot. So, let's go ahead and dive in. Here's what we need to do. First, we in. Here's what we need to do. First, we in. Here's what we need to do. First, we need to research the topics. Then, we need to research the topics. Then, we need to research the topics. Then, we need to write the songs. Then we need to need to write the songs. Then we need to need to write the songs. Then we need to actually create the songs so that actually create the songs so that actually create the songs so that they're poppy and catchy. Then we need they're poppy and catchy. Then we need they're poppy and catchy. Then we need to figure out the visuals for it. And to figure out the visuals for it. And to figure out the visuals for it. And finally, we need to pull it all together finally, we need to pull it all together finally, we need to pull it all together into a single video. And then it's just into a single video. And then it's just into a single video. And then it's just a matter of publishing it to our social a matter of publishing it to our social a matter of publishing it to our social media accounts. Now, there's likely media accounts. Now, there's likely media accounts. Now, there's likely going to be some manual intervention going to be some manual intervention going to be some manual intervention required, but let's create one video required, but let's create one video required, but let's create one video first using all of the best tools. And first using all of the best tools. And first using all of the best tools. And then once we have one video, we'll try then once we have one video, we'll try then once we have one video, we'll try to pull it all together into a nice to pull it all together into a nice to pull it all together into a nice mostly automated system. So, let's go mostly automated system. So, let's go mostly automated system. So, let's go ahead and get started with research. ahead and get started with research. ahead and get started with research. Here's a prompt that I have found works for a prompt that I have found works for a prompt that I have found works for actually doing the research and actually doing the research and actually doing the research and generating the lyrics all in one step. generating the lyrics all in one step. generating the lyrics all in one step. Explain to me exactly how a car engine Explain to me exactly how a car engine Explain to me exactly how a car engine works. Keep it simple but thorough so works. Keep it simple but thorough so works. Keep it simple but thorough so anyone can understand. Give it to me in anyone can understand. Give it to me in anyone can understand. Give it to me in the form of a poem. Avoid using the form of a poem. Avoid using the form of a poem. Avoid using metaphors. I feel like avoid using metaphors. I feel like avoid using metaphors. I feel like avoid using metaphors is important because when you metaphors is important because when you metaphors is important because when you tell it to write a poem, it's going to tell it to write a poem, it's going to tell it to write a poem, it's going to try to rhyme as much as possible and try to rhyme as much as possible and try to rhyme as much as possible and will use metaphors and sort of shift the will use metaphors and sort of shift the will use metaphors and sort of shift the meaning of things to get it to rhyme. In meaning of things to get it to rhyme. In meaning of things to get it to rhyme. In fact, I'm even going to add it does not fact, I'm even going to add it does not fact, I'm even going to add it does not have to rhyme. Already done. How a car have to rhyme. Already done. How a car have to rhyme. Already done. How a car engine works. Air enters through the engine works. Air enters through the engine works. Air enters through the intake valve. Fuel is sprayed into the intake valve. Fuel is sprayed into the intake valve. Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder, etc., etc. I'm not going to cylinder, etc., etc. I'm not going to cylinder, etc., etc. I'm not going to read the whole thing, but this is a read the whole thing, but this is a read the whole thing, but this is a simplified version of how an engine simplified version of how an engine simplified version of how an engine works. Now, in my opinion, the best music Now, in my opinion, the best music Now, in my opinion, the best music generator out there right now is most generator out there right now is most generator out there right now is most likely the videos that are going viral likely the videos that are going viral likely the videos that are going viral probably use to generate them. So, for probably use to generate them. So, for probably use to generate them. So, for this specific song, I will use Sunno. this specific song, I will use Sunno. this specific song, I will use Sunno. However, we are going to run into an However, we are going to run into an However, we are going to run into an issue down the line using Suno cuz Suno issue down the line using Suno cuz Suno issue down the line using Suno cuz Suno doesn't have an API. So, it doesn't doesn't have an API. So, it doesn't doesn't have an API. So, it doesn't connect to all the various automation connect to all the various automation connect to all the various automation tools where you can just tell SNO to tools where you can just tell SNO to tools where you can just tell SNO to generate a song within like an automated generate a song within like an automated generate a song within like an automated workflow, but Sunno generates my workflow, but Sunno generates my workflow, but Sunno generates my favorite AI music right now. So, we're favorite AI music right now. So, we're favorite AI music right now. So, we're going to stick with that for this step going to stick with that for this step going to stick with that for this step and we'll figure out how to solve that and we'll figure out how to solve that and we'll figure out how to solve that other problem later. Once I'm in, I other problem later. Once I'm in, I other problem later. Once I'm in, I enter some prompts, play with the enter some prompts, play with the enter some prompts, play with the settings a bit, which can be fine-tuned settings a bit, which can be fine-tuned settings a bit, which can be fine-tuned to your personal preferences, and then to your personal preferences, and then to your personal preferences, and then hit create. And this is what it spit hit create. And this is what it spit hit create. And this is what it spit out. Fuel is sprayed. Fuel is sprayed. Fuel is sprayed. [Music] [Music] [Music] Not bad. But I'm going to go ahead and Not bad. But I'm going to go ahead and Not bad. But I'm going to go ahead and generate another variation. I mean, it's actually pretty catchy, but I mean, it's actually pretty catchy, but I mean, it's actually pretty catchy, but it's not quite the style I'm hoping for. Yeah, I don't like that one either. So, Yeah, I don't like that one either. So, Yeah, I don't like that one either. So, I did a few rerolls until I finally got I did a few rerolls until I finally got I did a few rerolls until I finally got one that I liked. And I really like the one that I liked. And I really like the one that I liked. And I really like the way this one sounds right here. enters way this one sounds right here. enters way this one sounds right here. enters through the intake valve. Fuel is through the intake valve. Fuel is through the intake valve. Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A piston sprayed into the cylinder. A piston sprayed into the cylinder. A piston moves down. We're drawing the mixture moves down. We're drawing the mixture moves down. We're drawing the mixture in. in. in. Like that's really kind of what I'm Like that's really kind of what I'm Like that's really kind of what I'm going for. Very catchy. It's the right going for. Very catchy. It's the right going for. Very catchy. It's the right voice. It's slow enough that you can voice. It's slow enough that you can voice. It's slow enough that you can make out what she's saying. And so one make out what she's saying. And so one make out what she's saying. And so one key inside of Suno is once you find a key inside of Suno is once you find a key inside of Suno is once you find a style that works and you want to make style that works and you want to make style that works and you want to make sure it sounds like that same musician sure it sounds like that same musician sure it sounds like that same musician in the future. Well, if I come over to in the future. Well, if I come over to in the future. Well, if I come over to these three dots on the song that I do these three dots on the song that I do these three dots on the song that I do like here, I can click on create and like here, I can click on create and like here, I can click on create and make persona. And then we'll name it Tik make persona. And then we'll name it Tik make persona. And then we'll name it Tik Tok education songs. Now, if I want to Tok education songs. Now, if I want to Tok education songs. Now, if I want to create another song and I want it to create another song and I want it to create another song and I want it to sound very similar in style, I set some sound very similar in style, I set some sound very similar in style, I set some new lyrics. I click on persona. I select new lyrics. I click on persona. I select new lyrics. I click on persona. I select the persona we just created here. So now the persona we just created here. So now the persona we just created here. So now every time I go and create a chat GPT every time I go and create a chat GPT every time I go and create a chat GPT educational poem and pull it into the educational poem and pull it into the educational poem and pull it into the lyrics, it'll sound like the same band lyrics, it'll sound like the same band lyrics, it'll sound like the same band or same artist making that song. But now or same artist making that song. But now or same artist making that song. But now the next step is quite honestly the most the next step is quite honestly the most the next step is quite honestly the most difficult step. Both if you're doing it difficult step. Both if you're doing it difficult step. Both if you're doing it manually and also probably the most manually and also probably the most manually and also probably the most difficult step to automate later. But we difficult step to automate later. But we difficult step to automate later. But we need to get visuals for this whole need to get visuals for this whole need to get visuals for this whole thing. I've always thought it would be thing. I've always thought it would be thing. I've always thought it would be kind of cool to start some local kind of cool to start some local kind of cool to start some local business like a bar or something. But business like a bar or something. But business like a bar or something. But before any business can actually take before any business can actually take before any business can actually take off, you need branding that stands out. off, you need branding that stands out. off, you need branding that stands out. So today, I'm going to design a whole So today, I'm going to design a whole So today, I'm going to design a whole brand for a modern cocktail bar using brand for a modern cocktail bar using brand for a modern cocktail bar using Recraft, the sponsor of today's video. Recraft, the sponsor of today's video. Recraft, the sponsor of today's video. ReCraft is an AI image generation and ReCraft is an AI image generation and ReCraft is an AI image generation and editing tool with over 5 million users editing tool with over 5 million users editing tool with over 5 million users worldwide, trusted by brands like worldwide, trusted by brands like worldwide, trusted by brands like Netflix, Oglev, and HubSpot. And they Netflix, Oglev, and HubSpot. And they Netflix, Oglev, and HubSpot. And they have this new feature called chat mode. have this new feature called chat mode. have this new feature called chat mode. It basically splits your screen in two. It basically splits your screen in two. It basically splits your screen in two. So on the left, you can chat with the So on the left, you can chat with the So on the left, you can chat with the AI, and on the right, you've got a AI, and on the right, you've got a AI, and on the right, you've got a canvas where your ideas in each canvas where your ideas in each canvas where your ideas in each iteration come to life. and it'll iteration come to life. and it'll iteration come to life. and it'll actually remember each iteration as you actually remember each iteration as you actually remember each iteration as you work. So, watch this. I just type logo work. So, watch this. I just type logo work. So, watch this. I just type logo for a futuristic cocktail bar called for a futuristic cocktail bar called for a futuristic cocktail bar called future proof. Sleek typography, neon future proof. Sleek typography, neon future proof. Sleek typography, neon glow, minimal modern style. Instantly, glow, minimal modern style. Instantly, glow, minimal modern style. Instantly, I've got professional logo concepts. I've got professional logo concepts. I've got professional logo concepts. Then I can refine the design using the Then I can refine the design using the Then I can refine the design using the chat mode feature. Make it darker, add chat mode feature. Make it darker, add chat mode feature. Make it darker, add more modern accents, try a teal and more modern accents, try a teal and more modern accents, try a teal and magenta color palette. And you can see magenta color palette. And you can see magenta color palette. And you can see that it remembers the first iteration that it remembers the first iteration that it remembers the first iteration while updating it with what I asked. And while updating it with what I asked. And while updating it with what I asked. And Recraft isn't just for logos. I can drop Recraft isn't just for logos. I can drop Recraft isn't just for logos. I can drop the design it made for me into chat mode the design it made for me into chat mode the design it made for me into chat mode and ask create posters, coasters, and and ask create posters, coasters, and and ask create posters, coasters, and social visuals in the same style. In a social visuals in the same style. In a social visuals in the same style. In a few seconds, I've got a full brand kit few seconds, I've got a full brand kit few seconds, I've got a full brand kit that I can make merch with and crossost that I can make merch with and crossost that I can make merch with and crossost to all my social media pages. So, if you to all my social media pages. So, if you to all my social media pages. So, if you want to try this out before anyone else, want to try this out before anyone else, want to try this out before anyone else, join Recraft's new chat mode beta weight join Recraft's new chat mode beta weight join Recraft's new chat mode beta weight list. The links in the description. Now, list. The links in the description. Now, list. The links in the description. Now, let's get back to the episode. let's get back to the episode. let's get back to the episode. [Music] One way we can try to do this is to use One way we can try to do this is to use One way we can try to do this is to use Nvidia. Nvidia has been a sponsor on the Nvidia. Nvidia has been a sponsor on the Nvidia. Nvidia has been a sponsor on the channel in the past. They didn't sponsor channel in the past. They didn't sponsor channel in the past. They didn't sponsor this video, but they have a handful of this video, but they have a handful of this video, but they have a handful of features. Now, the feature I've talked features. Now, the feature I've talked features. Now, the feature I've talked about in my videos in the past has about in my videos in the past has about in my videos in the past has always been their generative AI videos always been their generative AI videos always been their generative AI videos where it tries to generate the entire where it tries to generate the entire where it tries to generate the entire video. So, I'm actually going to use the video. So, I'm actually going to use the video. So, I'm actually going to use the old features that Nvidia was designed old features that Nvidia was designed old features that Nvidia was designed for to see if we can get it to find for to see if we can get it to find for to see if we can get it to find stock footage for the script that we stock footage for the script that we stock footage for the script that we have. All right, so jumping into Nvidia. have. All right, so jumping into Nvidia. have. All right, so jumping into Nvidia. First, I choose which social platform I First, I choose which social platform I First, I choose which social platform I need assets for. And then I choose what need assets for. And then I choose what need assets for. And then I choose what type of assets I need, the platform, the type of assets I need, the platform, the type of assets I need, the platform, the type of media, and any additional type of media, and any additional type of media, and any additional guidelines I want to give it. In this guidelines I want to give it. In this guidelines I want to give it. In this case, I chose Tik Tok stock media, and case, I chose Tik Tok stock media, and case, I chose Tik Tok stock media, and then asked it to keep the total video then asked it to keep the total video then asked it to keep the total video length to 90 seconds. And a couple of length to 90 seconds. And a couple of length to 90 seconds. And a couple of prompts later, some of it's usable. prompts later, some of it's usable. prompts later, some of it's usable. Air enters through the intake valve. Air enters through the intake valve. Air enters through the intake valve. Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A piston moves downward, drawing the piston moves downward, drawing the piston moves downward, drawing the mixture in. The intake valve closes. The mixture in. The intake valve closes. The mixture in. The intake valve closes. The piston rises, compressing air and fuel piston rises, compressing air and fuel piston rises, compressing air and fuel tightly. tightly. tightly. I have no idea what was going on with I have no idea what was going on with I have no idea what was going on with some of the music in there, but there some of the music in there, but there some of the music in there, but there were some visuals that are usable. I were some visuals that are usable. I were some visuals that are usable. I like this visual right here where it like this visual right here where it like this visual right here where it shows the piston go up and then as it shows the piston go up and then as it shows the piston go up and then as it comes down, you know, it gets its fuel comes down, you know, it gets its fuel comes down, you know, it gets its fuel and oxygen and creates an explosion. and oxygen and creates an explosion. and oxygen and creates an explosion. Some of this footage has absolutely Some of this footage has absolutely Some of this footage has absolutely nothing to do with what's being said in nothing to do with what's being said in nothing to do with what's being said in the script. For example, this says the the script. For example, this says the the script. For example, this says the crankshaft spins right here, but it's crankshaft spins right here, but it's crankshaft spins right here, but it's literally a still image of a few cogs, literally a still image of a few cogs, literally a still image of a few cogs, but the cogs aren't spinning. And this I but the cogs aren't spinning. And this I but the cogs aren't spinning. And this I don't believe is actually a crankshaft. don't believe is actually a crankshaft. don't believe is actually a crankshaft. It almost actually I don't know if It almost actually I don't know if It almost actually I don't know if that's the crankshaft or not. I I still that's the crankshaft or not. I I still that's the crankshaft or not. I I still don't know engines very well. [Music] [Music] [Music] Now, the absolute best video generator Now, the absolute best video generator Now, the absolute best video generator of the moment is Sora 2. So, let's take of the moment is Sora 2. So, let's take of the moment is Sora 2. So, let's take some of this text and plug it into Sora some of this text and plug it into Sora some of this text and plug it into Sora 2 and see what it generates for us. And 2 and see what it generates for us. And 2 and see what it generates for us. And then under describe your video, I'm then under describe your video, I'm then under describe your video, I'm going to paste in those three lines. going to paste in those three lines. going to paste in those three lines. Make sure we're set on portrait. So, Make sure we're set on portrait. So, Make sure we're set on portrait. So, it's generating in 916. And let's just it's generating in 916. And let's just it's generating in 916. And let's just generate based on those three lines and generate based on those three lines and generate based on those three lines and see if it can come up with a decent see if it can come up with a decent see if it can come up with a decent visual for us. Now, I'm not totally visual for us. Now, I'm not totally visual for us. Now, I'm not totally getting what I want. This one is, you getting what I want. This one is, you getting what I want. This one is, you know, almost correct. I don't think know, almost correct. I don't think know, almost correct. I don't think these two things overlap each other. And these two things overlap each other. And these two things overlap each other. And if this is supposed to be the intake if this is supposed to be the intake if this is supposed to be the intake valve, it's supposed to be, you know, valve, it's supposed to be, you know, valve, it's supposed to be, you know, sealing the gap up here. Not quite sealing the gap up here. Not quite sealing the gap up here. Not quite right. The one on the left is a little right. The one on the left is a little right. The one on the left is a little more zoomed in. I don't know why there's more zoomed in. I don't know why there's more zoomed in. I don't know why there's air or whatever going below the piston air or whatever going below the piston air or whatever going below the piston here. That doesn't make a lot of sense. here. That doesn't make a lot of sense. here. That doesn't make a lot of sense. But the closeup kind of is cool with it But the closeup kind of is cool with it But the closeup kind of is cool with it shooting fuel in, but then it it just shooting fuel in, but then it it just shooting fuel in, but then it it just doesn't make a lot of logical sense. doesn't make a lot of logical sense. doesn't make a lot of logical sense. [Music] The next option would be to find images The next option would be to find images The next option would be to find images of what I actually do want. So, I did a of what I actually do want. So, I did a of what I actually do want. So, I did a quick Google search and I found these quick Google search and I found these quick Google search and I found these screenshots here of like the intake, the screenshots here of like the intake, the screenshots here of like the intake, the compression, fuel injection, and exhaust compression, fuel injection, and exhaust compression, fuel injection, and exhaust valve. And so, maybe I can get these valve. And so, maybe I can get these valve. And so, maybe I can get these images animated for me. So, I'm going to images animated for me. So, I'm going to images animated for me. So, I'm going to use Leonardo to generate with V3, but go use Leonardo to generate with V3, but go use Leonardo to generate with V3, but go ahead and use whatever platform you ahead and use whatever platform you ahead and use whatever platform you prefer for generating with VO. I just prefer for generating with VO. I just prefer for generating with VO. I just find Leonardo to be the least expensive. find Leonardo to be the least expensive. find Leonardo to be the least expensive. And make sure you do have V3 selected And make sure you do have V3 selected And make sure you do have V3 selected here. We'll select a start frame. pull here. We'll select a start frame. pull here. We'll select a start frame. pull in the image that we just found. And in the image that we just found. And in the image that we just found. And just for fun, let's have it generate just for fun, let's have it generate just for fun, let's have it generate with the Cling model as well. I'll use with the Cling model as well. I'll use with the Cling model as well. I'll use Cling 2.5 Turbo and we'll generate with Cling 2.5 Turbo and we'll generate with Cling 2.5 Turbo and we'll generate with that model. See which one does it that model. See which one does it that model. See which one does it better. And well, here's the two sets of better. And well, here's the two sets of better. And well, here's the two sets of visuals that I got. Neither of them are visuals that I got. Neither of them are visuals that I got. Neither of them are very good. V3 kind of added some funky very good. V3 kind of added some funky very good. V3 kind of added some funky animation instead of just continuously animation instead of just continuously animation instead of just continuously spinning like it's supposed to and the spinning like it's supposed to and the spinning like it's supposed to and the piston continually going up and down and piston continually going up and down and piston continually going up and down and then cling just kind of sort of went off then cling just kind of sort of went off then cling just kind of sort of went off the rails completely. Uh so yeah, that's the rails completely. Uh so yeah, that's the rails completely. Uh so yeah, that's not quite what I'm looking for. So at not quite what I'm looking for. So at not quite what I'm looking for. So at the moment I'm kind of back to the the moment I'm kind of back to the the moment I'm kind of back to the drawing board on the best way to get the drawing board on the best way to get the drawing board on the best way to get the visuals. We have some visuals we can use from our We have some visuals we can use from our We have some visuals we can use from our inv video. So maybe we just start there. inv video. So maybe we just start there. inv video. So maybe we just start there. This time let's use only generated This time let's use only generated This time let's use only generated clips. So let's go ahead and generate clips. So let's go ahead and generate clips. So let's go ahead and generate this. And now we'll have a couple places this. And now we'll have a couple places this. And now we'll have a couple places to pull from. And then here's the to pull from. And then here's the to pull from. And then here's the generated video that it made for us. So generated video that it made for us. So generated video that it made for us. So I'm going to mute it because we don't I'm going to mute it because we don't I'm going to mute it because we don't really need the audio. Uh but if we skim really need the audio. Uh but if we skim really need the audio. Uh but if we skim through it, you can see that it tried to through it, you can see that it tried to through it, you can see that it tried to generate visuals to go along with it. generate visuals to go along with it. generate visuals to go along with it. But these visuals don't really make But these visuals don't really make But these visuals don't really make sense. They're not accurate to what I'm sense. They're not accurate to what I'm sense. They're not accurate to what I'm talking about. So, if I put these in a talking about. So, if I put these in a talking about. So, if I put these in a science explainer video, people will not science explainer video, people will not science explainer video, people will not understand the science from these understand the science from these understand the science from these visuals, unfortunately. And there's visuals, unfortunately. And there's visuals, unfortunately. And there's really I mean, I've skimmed this whole really I mean, I've skimmed this whole really I mean, I've skimmed this whole thing and there's really no good visuals thing and there's really no good visuals thing and there's really no good visuals that I can use cuz all of it is just that I can use cuz all of it is just that I can use cuz all of it is just sort of nonsense in relation to what I'm sort of nonsense in relation to what I'm sort of nonsense in relation to what I'm talking about. So, what do I do when I talking about. So, what do I do when I talking about. So, what do I do when I get hung up on a problem and I can't get hung up on a problem and I can't get hung up on a problem and I can't figure out the solution? Well, I ask AI. figure out the solution? Well, I ask AI. figure out the solution? Well, I ask AI. And so, I went to Perplexity and I said, And so, I went to Perplexity and I said, And so, I went to Perplexity and I said, "What are the best AI tools to find "What are the best AI tools to find "What are the best AI tools to find B-roll for a script? I don't need it to B-roll for a script? I don't need it to B-roll for a script? I don't need it to be generated videos. B-roll works just be generated videos. B-roll works just be generated videos. B-roll works just fine. In fact, the videos that we looked fine. In fact, the videos that we looked fine. In fact, the videos that we looked at at the very beginning where they were at at the very beginning where they were at at the very beginning where they were making those music science explainers. making those music science explainers. making those music science explainers. They were using B-roll throughout the They were using B-roll throughout the They were using B-roll throughout the whole videos. It was just footage they whole videos. It was just footage they whole videos. It was just footage they collected from around the internet. Most collected from around the internet. Most collected from around the internet. Most of it didn't seem generated. So, B-roll of it didn't seem generated. So, B-roll of it didn't seem generated. So, B-roll should do the trick. And it suggested should do the trick. And it suggested should do the trick. And it suggested Opus Clip, Submagic, Capwing, Opus Clip, Submagic, Capwing, Opus Clip, Submagic, Capwing, Hypernatural, V, Big View, Visla. And Hypernatural, V, Big View, Visla. And Hypernatural, V, Big View, Visla. And I've heard of all of these tools. Most I've heard of all of these tools. Most I've heard of all of these tools. Most of them I don't think are what I'm of them I don't think are what I'm of them I don't think are what I'm looking for, but OpusClip might be the looking for, but OpusClip might be the looking for, but OpusClip might be the solution I'm looking for. I've used Opus solution I'm looking for. I've used Opus solution I'm looking for. I've used Opus Clip a lot and they've been a sponsor on Clip a lot and they've been a sponsor on Clip a lot and they've been a sponsor on this channel in the past. Really, really this channel in the past. Really, really this channel in the past. Really, really good company. I think it's a great good company. I think it's a great good company. I think it's a great product. Now, I do see on the Opus Clip web page, Now, I do see on the Opus Clip web page, Now, I do see on the Opus Clip web page, they do offer AI B-roll. And I can see they do offer AI B-roll. And I can see they do offer AI B-roll. And I can see in my dashboard there is an AI B-roll. in my dashboard there is an AI B-roll. in my dashboard there is an AI B-roll. So, it is AI generated B-roll, it looks So, it is AI generated B-roll, it looks So, it is AI generated B-roll, it looks like, but it wants a video. So, here's like, but it wants a video. So, here's like, but it wants a video. So, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to jump what I'm going to do. I'm going to jump what I'm going to do. I'm going to jump over to Cap Cut and we can see our video over to Cap Cut and we can see our video over to Cap Cut and we can see our video has a lot of like black gaps in it where has a lot of like black gaps in it where has a lot of like black gaps in it where there's no video footage. I'm just going there's no video footage. I'm just going there's no video footage. I'm just going to export what we have and there'll be to export what we have and there'll be to export what we have and there'll be some sections of just blackness. But at some sections of just blackness. But at some sections of just blackness. But at least I've got a video that I can upload least I've got a video that I can upload least I've got a video that I can upload and it can try to analyze and find and it can try to analyze and find and it can try to analyze and find B-roll for. So, let's go ahead and B-roll for. So, let's go ahead and B-roll for. So, let's go ahead and export this. Click on upload here for AI export this. Click on upload here for AI export this. Click on upload here for AI B-roll. B-roll. B-roll. Oo, so it gives me an option for AI Oo, so it gives me an option for AI Oo, so it gives me an option for AI generated B-roll and stock B-roll. generated B-roll and stock B-roll. generated B-roll and stock B-roll. That's perfect. I mean, maybe we can run That's perfect. I mean, maybe we can run That's perfect. I mean, maybe we can run through both and see what it gives us. through both and see what it gives us. through both and see what it gives us. All right. So, here's our B-roll All right. So, here's our B-roll All right. So, here's our B-roll version, which if I skim through it, version, which if I skim through it, version, which if I skim through it, there's some usable stuff, maybe, but there's some usable stuff, maybe, but there's some usable stuff, maybe, but it's not super relevant either. The it's not super relevant either. The it's not super relevant either. The exhaust valve opens and it's showing exhaust valve opens and it's showing exhaust valve opens and it's showing what appears to be a lathe. No, that's what appears to be a lathe. No, that's what appears to be a lathe. No, that's some part of a machine, but not not what some part of a machine, but not not what some part of a machine, but not not what we're talking about in this video. And we're talking about in this video. And we're talking about in this video. And then right here where it says the piston then right here where it says the piston then right here where it says the piston rises, it shows somebody swimming, rises, it shows somebody swimming, rises, it shows somebody swimming, compressing air and fuel tightly. I I compressing air and fuel tightly. I I compressing air and fuel tightly. I I don't know why. Why? Why? Why? Why is don't know why. Why? Why? Why? Why is don't know why. Why? Why? Why? Why is that the B-roll it chose? All right, that the B-roll it chose? All right, that the B-roll it chose? All right, let's look at the generated version. Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder, Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder, Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder, but there is some new footage in this but there is some new footage in this but there is some new footage in this generated version. Air enters through generated version. Air enters through generated version. Air enters through the intake valve. Shows a picture of an the intake valve. Shows a picture of an the intake valve. Shows a picture of an engine, not super relevant to what's engine, not super relevant to what's engine, not super relevant to what's being said. All right, so I think I've being said. All right, so I think I've being said. All right, so I think I've come to the conclusion that AI is just come to the conclusion that AI is just come to the conclusion that AI is just not quite there yet to generate all of not quite there yet to generate all of not quite there yet to generate all of the shots for a video like this. We can the shots for a video like this. We can the shots for a video like this. We can have it generate some of them. We could have it generate some of them. We could have it generate some of them. We could have Invido and Opus clip and tools like have Invido and Opus clip and tools like have Invido and Opus clip and tools like that go help us round up some B-roll. that go help us round up some B-roll. that go help us round up some B-roll. But at the end of the day, it doesn't But at the end of the day, it doesn't But at the end of the day, it doesn't seem like AI is really good at creating seem like AI is really good at creating seem like AI is really good at creating the imagery for these explainer videos the imagery for these explainer videos the imagery for these explainer videos yet. And if we look at the videos we yet. And if we look at the videos we yet. And if we look at the videos we talked about at the very very beginning talked about at the very very beginning talked about at the very very beginning of this video, that was all stock B-roll of this video, that was all stock B-roll of this video, that was all stock B-roll footage that wasn't generated footage. footage that wasn't generated footage. footage that wasn't generated footage. Hopefully in, you know, 6 months from Hopefully in, you know, 6 months from Hopefully in, you know, 6 months from now, we'll be able to generate the exact now, we'll be able to generate the exact now, we'll be able to generate the exact footage we're looking for. It's just not footage we're looking for. It's just not footage we're looking for. It's just not quite there yet. So, to get this first quite there yet. So, to get this first quite there yet. So, to get this first video across the finish line, I'm going video across the finish line, I'm going video across the finish line, I'm going to need to source some more stock to need to source some more stock to need to source some more stock footage. A quick look through my footage. A quick look through my footage. A quick look through my favorite royalty-free sites, and I'm favorite royalty-free sites, and I'm favorite royalty-free sites, and I'm able to pull everything I need to make a able to pull everything I need to make a able to pull everything I need to make a compelling explainer video. From there, compelling explainer video. From there, compelling explainer video. From there, I throw everything into Cap Cut, use I throw everything into Cap Cut, use I throw everything into Cap Cut, use their auto captioning feature, and hit their auto captioning feature, and hit their auto captioning feature, and hit export on my first viral masterpiece. Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A Fuel is sprayed into the cylinder. A piston moves down. We're drawing the piston moves down. We're drawing the piston moves down. We're drawing the mixture in. mixture in. mixture in. The intake valve closes, the piston The intake valve closes, the piston The intake valve closes, the piston rises, compress. rises, compress. rises, compress. I mean, I think it came out pretty good. I mean, I think it came out pretty good. I mean, I think it came out pretty good. You could watch that video and listen to You could watch that video and listen to You could watch that video and listen to the song and see the visuals and kind of the song and see the visuals and kind of the song and see the visuals and kind of know how a engine works. But that's not know how a engine works. But that's not know how a engine works. But that's not good enough for me. I am dead set on good enough for me. I am dead set on good enough for me. I am dead set on figuring out how to better automate figuring out how to better automate figuring out how to better automate this. It may not be as good as what we just It may not be as good as what we just It may not be as good as what we just saw, but I want to get pretty dang saw, but I want to get pretty dang saw, but I want to get pretty dang close. So, let's build an automation for close. So, let's build an automation for close. So, let's build an automation for this. I'm going to play with a tool this. I'm going to play with a tool this. I'm going to play with a tool called Glyph. It's a tool I haven't called Glyph. It's a tool I haven't called Glyph. It's a tool I haven't spent a lot of time with, but I flew out spent a lot of time with, but I flew out spent a lot of time with, but I flew out to New York and met the Glyph team a to New York and met the Glyph team a to New York and met the Glyph team a couple weeks ago, and they showed off couple weeks ago, and they showed off couple weeks ago, and they showed off their new agent mode while I was their new agent mode while I was their new agent mode while I was visiting with them, and I was pretty visiting with them, and I was pretty visiting with them, and I was pretty impressed. And I think I might be able impressed. And I think I might be able impressed. And I think I might be able to get most of what I want done just by to get most of what I want done just by to get most of what I want done just by building an agent inside of Glyph. So, building an agent inside of Glyph. So, building an agent inside of Glyph. So, let's try it. So once you're inside of let's try it. So once you're inside of let's try it. So once you're inside of Glyph, we can come over to agents here, Glyph, we can come over to agents here, Glyph, we can come over to agents here, and we can actually see a ton of and we can actually see a ton of and we can actually see a ton of different agents that have already been different agents that have already been different agents that have already been pre-built. There might even be one pre-built. There might even be one pre-built. There might even be one that's already pretty close. Let's see. that's already pretty close. Let's see. that's already pretty close. Let's see. Music video creator. Generate infinitely Music video creator. Generate infinitely Music video creator. Generate infinitely long one-take videos with Cling 2.5. long one-take videos with Cling 2.5. long one-take videos with Cling 2.5. Selfie music studio. Make yourself rap, Selfie music studio. Make yourself rap, Selfie music studio. Make yourself rap, sing, dance. But you know what? I'm just sing, dance. But you know what? I'm just sing, dance. But you know what? I'm just going to build one from scratch since I going to build one from scratch since I going to build one from scratch since I know exactly what I'm looking for. So know exactly what I'm looking for. So know exactly what I'm looking for. So let's create an agent. Once inside let's create an agent. Once inside let's create an agent. Once inside Glyph, I choose the chat engine and run Glyph, I choose the chat engine and run Glyph, I choose the chat engine and run through all the instructions it needs to through all the instructions it needs to through all the instructions it needs to oneshot this task. This includes telling oneshot this task. This includes telling oneshot this task. This includes telling it the order in which to run through the it the order in which to run through the it the order in which to run through the tasks and more importantly which tasks and more importantly which tasks and more importantly which platforms and tools to use. And I'm platforms and tools to use. And I'm platforms and tools to use. And I'm choosing everything. I'm thinking that choosing everything. I'm thinking that choosing everything. I'm thinking that if I cast a wide enough net, I'm bound if I cast a wide enough net, I'm bound if I cast a wide enough net, I'm bound to catch a nice fish. Okay, so we're to catch a nice fish. Okay, so we're to catch a nice fish. Okay, so we're actually on to something here. So, it actually on to something here. So, it actually on to something here. So, it used Clling to generate this video here. used Clling to generate this video here. used Clling to generate this video here. It added subtitles and then it overlaid It added subtitles and then it overlaid It added subtitles and then it overlaid the song. All I did was give it this the song. All I did was give it this the song. All I did was give it this original prompt and it did all of this original prompt and it did all of this original prompt and it did all of this stuff for us. Generated the music, stuff for us. Generated the music, stuff for us. Generated the music, generated some images. This is the generated some images. This is the generated some images. This is the actual song which I'll play in just a actual song which I'll play in just a actual song which I'll play in just a second. Generated the starting frame, second. Generated the starting frame, second. Generated the starting frame, generating an ending frame, animating generating an ending frame, animating generating an ending frame, animating the starting frame to the ending frame, the starting frame to the ending frame, the starting frame to the ending frame, adding the subtitles, and then adding the subtitles, and then adding the subtitles, and then overlaying the music on top of it. And overlaying the music on top of it. And overlaying the music on top of it. And here's what we got. Now, it only here's what we got. Now, it only here's what we got. Now, it only generated 10 seconds, and the visuals generated 10 seconds, and the visuals generated 10 seconds, and the visuals aren't great, but it's strung together a aren't great, but it's strung together a aren't great, but it's strung together a lot of these steps really, really well. lot of these steps really, really well. lot of these steps really, really well. That's what I'm impressed by. That's what I'm impressed by. That's what I'm impressed by. On a circuit board, tiny city of light, On a circuit board, tiny city of light, On a circuit board, tiny city of light, copper traces our road, sending signals copper traces our road, sending signals copper traces our road, sending signals just right. Resistors slow it down the just right. Resistors slow it down the just right. Resistors slow it down the faster. Smooth the flow of the chip. Is faster. Smooth the flow of the chip. Is faster. Smooth the flow of the chip. Is the brain saying, "Ready, set, go." the brain saying, "Ready, set, go." the brain saying, "Ready, set, go." But it does ask me at the bottom, want But it does ask me at the bottom, want But it does ask me at the bottom, want me to make a longer 30 to 45se secondond me to make a longer 30 to 45se secondond me to make a longer 30 to 45se secondond version with a chorus and more scenes? version with a chorus and more scenes? version with a chorus and more scenes? Hell yeah, I do. Okay, so we got a 44 Hell yeah, I do. Okay, so we got a 44 Hell yeah, I do. Okay, so we got a 44 second song. My instructions were not to second song. My instructions were not to second song. My instructions were not to use V3, and it killed a crap ton of use V3, and it killed a crap ton of use V3, and it killed a crap ton of credits, as we can see down here. And credits, as we can see down here. And credits, as we can see down here. And then it went to add subtitles to the then it went to add subtitles to the then it went to add subtitles to the video and it says it's a 44 second video and it says it's a 44 second video and it says it's a 44 second video. I'm skeptical. On a circuit board, tiny city of light. On a circuit board, tiny city of light. On a circuit board, tiny city of light. Copper trace is a roads guiding currents Copper trace is a roads guiding currents Copper trace is a roads guiding currents in flight. Power needs a reg. All right. I guess I was right to be All right. I guess I was right to be All right. I guess I was right to be skeptical on that one. skeptical on that one. skeptical on that one. [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay, I think I know how I'm going to do Okay, I think I know how I'm going to do Okay, I think I know how I'm going to do this now. I'm going to use Mine Studio. this now. I'm going to use Mine Studio. this now. I'm going to use Mine Studio. I think I can build an automation like a I think I can build an automation like a I think I can build an automation like a workflow that with all the steps using workflow that with all the steps using workflow that with all the steps using Mine Studio. Let's see if we could do it Mine Studio. Let's see if we could do it Mine Studio. Let's see if we could do it here. So, build new agent. Now, I've here. So, build new agent. Now, I've here. So, build new agent. Now, I've used Mind Studio a lot in the past for used Mind Studio a lot in the past for used Mind Studio a lot in the past for setting up these kinds of agentic setting up these kinds of agentic setting up these kinds of agentic automations. It's really clean and automations. It's really clean and automations. It's really clean and pretty easy to use. So, I add each step pretty easy to use. So, I add each step pretty easy to use. So, I add each step of the process starting with making the of the process starting with making the of the process starting with making the song. Take a user inputed topic, song. Take a user inputed topic, song. Take a user inputed topic, research, generate the lyrics, and turn research, generate the lyrics, and turn research, generate the lyrics, and turn that into a piece of art. Not slop art. that into a piece of art. Not slop art. that into a piece of art. Not slop art. Please let this one be art. It seemingly Please let this one be art. It seemingly Please let this one be art. It seemingly worked. Let's listen to a snippet here. worked. Let's listen to a snippet here. worked. Let's listen to a snippet here. Flat insulating boards with copper Flat insulating boards with copper Flat insulating boards with copper veins, fiberglass core for strength and veins, fiberglass core for strength and veins, fiberglass core for strength and contains guide the current flow. contains guide the current flow. contains guide the current flow. Not a huge fan of the style of the song. Not a huge fan of the style of the song. Not a huge fan of the style of the song. So, let's go to our text to speech our So, let's go to our text to speech our So, let's go to our text to speech our 11 labs. If I was to give it more 11 labs. If I was to give it more 11 labs. If I was to give it more instructions, like create a song, create instructions, like create a song, create instructions, like create a song, create a kids song that's poppy and catchy with a kids song that's poppy and catchy with a kids song that's poppy and catchy with a female singer's voice. All right, a female singer's voice. All right, a female singer's voice. All right, here's what we got. here's what we got. here's what we got. Amazing. [Music] [Music] [Music] I kind of got it working by bringing I kind of got it working by bringing I kind of got it working by bringing this down to 900 characters. 2000 was this down to 900 characters. 2000 was this down to 900 characters. 2000 was still a little bit too long of a song. still a little bit too long of a song. still a little bit too long of a song. And then on the text to speech model, And then on the text to speech model, And then on the text to speech model, change the length to 30 seconds instead change the length to 30 seconds instead change the length to 30 seconds instead of 45 just for the sake of speed. A of 45 just for the sake of speed. A of 45 just for the sake of speed. A circuit board is a rigid base. circuit board is a rigid base. circuit board is a rigid base. All right, now comes the hardest part, All right, now comes the hardest part, All right, now comes the hardest part, and that's trying to get the visuals to and that's trying to get the visuals to and that's trying to get the visuals to go over the song itself. So, I'm go over the song itself. So, I'm go over the song itself. So, I'm starting with V3 fast in order to save starting with V3 fast in order to save starting with V3 fast in order to save some time and money on the generations. some time and money on the generations. some time and money on the generations. But I'm feeling like my frugality may But I'm feeling like my frugality may But I'm feeling like my frugality may come back to haunt me. come back to haunt me. come back to haunt me. I'm also thinking that if I split up the I'm also thinking that if I split up the I'm also thinking that if I split up the lyrics into chunks, I should be able to lyrics into chunks, I should be able to lyrics into chunks, I should be able to get separate clips for each part of the get separate clips for each part of the get separate clips for each part of the song. I think then I'm going to use Mine song. I think then I'm going to use Mine song. I think then I'm going to use Mine Studio to automate the assembly of each Studio to automate the assembly of each Studio to automate the assembly of each component of the video. Couple of final component of the video. Couple of final component of the video. Couple of final touches. And here's what it generated touches. And here's what it generated touches. And here's what it generated for us. A 30 second video with a song, for us. A 30 second video with a song, for us. A 30 second video with a song, not as good as Sudo's song, and it did not as good as Sudo's song, and it did not as good as Sudo's song, and it did put visuals throughout the whole thing. [Music] [Music] [Music] A circuit board BCP A circuit board BCP A circuit board BCP holds parts and links them holds parts and links them holds parts and links them links them. Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in layers layers layers and holes where it did all the steps. I just can't get it did all the steps. I just can't get it did all the steps. I just can't get the visuals to look the way I want them. the visuals to look the way I want them. the visuals to look the way I want them. The choice is going to be you you get The choice is going to be you you get The choice is going to be you you get all the way up to where you have the all the way up to where you have the all the way up to where you have the song created and then you go in, pull song created and then you go in, pull song created and then you go in, pull the visuals and sort of splice them all the visuals and sort of splice them all the visuals and sort of splice them all in where you want them or you can get a in where you want them or you can get a in where you want them or you can get a fully automated music video that's fully automated music video that's fully automated music video that's generated with AI. The visuals just generated with AI. The visuals just generated with AI. The visuals just aren't going to be amazing if you're aren't going to be amazing if you're aren't going to be amazing if you're trying to get it to be like that trying to get it to be like that trying to get it to be like that explaining how something works. There explaining how something works. There explaining how something works. There are ways to do it with AI. Whether those are ways to do it with AI. Whether those are ways to do it with AI. Whether those ways are faster than just sourcing ways are faster than just sourcing ways are faster than just sourcing B-roll right now, I I don't think so. B-roll right now, I I don't think so. B-roll right now, I I don't think so. But yeah, for this style of music video, But yeah, for this style of music video, But yeah, for this style of music video, you could do a big bulk of it with AI, you could do a big bulk of it with AI, you could do a big bulk of it with AI, but at some point you're going to have but at some point you're going to have but at some point you're going to have to edit the video together yourself or to edit the video together yourself or to edit the video together yourself or hire somebody to edit the video because hire somebody to edit the video because hire somebody to edit the video because I just I don't see a way to just I just I don't see a way to just I just I don't see a way to just generate that whole process yet. generate that whole process yet. generate that whole process yet. Hopefully, you did learn something. I Hopefully, you did learn something. I Hopefully, you did learn something. I mean, we did figure out how to make that mean, we did figure out how to make that mean, we did figure out how to make that style of video. It just wasn't all AI. I style of video. It just wasn't all AI. I style of video. It just wasn't all AI. I had to source some of the videos. And had to source some of the videos. And had to source some of the videos. And then we also figured out how to use some then we also figured out how to use some then we also figured out how to use some pretty cool automation tools. Although pretty cool automation tools. Although pretty cool automation tools. Although we didn't get our end result, I have a we didn't get our end result, I have a we didn't get our end result, I have a much better idea of how to use glyph now much better idea of how to use glyph now much better idea of how to use glyph now and some cool workflows in Mind Studio and some cool workflows in Mind Studio and some cool workflows in Mind Studio that I didn't know I can do before. So, that I didn't know I can do before. So, that I didn't know I can do before. So, still learned a lot along the way. I still learned a lot along the way. I still learned a lot along the way. I guess at the end of the day, if this got guess at the end of the day, if this got guess at the end of the day, if this got your wheels turning about some things your wheels turning about some things your wheels turning about some things that you can create, you know, maybe that you can create, you know, maybe that you can create, you know, maybe it's not trying to make educational it's not trying to make educational it's not trying to make educational music videos with uh perfect B-roll to music videos with uh perfect B-roll to music videos with uh perfect B-roll to go along with the music. Maybe it's, you go along with the music. Maybe it's, you go along with the music. Maybe it's, you know, Facebook video ads for your know, Facebook video ads for your know, Facebook video ads for your company or a silly meme generator that company or a silly meme generator that company or a silly meme generator that generates brain rot slop. It'll probably generates brain rot slop. It'll probably generates brain rot slop. It'll probably be pretty good at that if that's what be pretty good at that if that's what be pretty good at that if that's what you're going for. But to get that you're going for. But to get that you're going for. But to get that educational style video, still a little educational style video, still a little educational style video, still a little bit of work involved, meaning we're bit of work involved, meaning we're bit of work involved, meaning we're probably not going to see the internet probably not going to see the internet probably not going to see the internet flooded with them quite yet. But that's flooded with them quite yet. But that's flooded with them quite yet. But that's what I got for you. Thank you so much what I got for you. Thank you so much what I got for you. Thank you so much for tuning in. If you like videos like for tuning in. If you like videos like for tuning in. If you like videos like this and you want to see me dig deeper this and you want to see me dig deeper this and you want to see me dig deeper and explore a lot of other AI tools, and explore a lot of other AI tools, and explore a lot of other AI tools, make sure you like this video, subscribe make sure you like this video, subscribe make sure you like this video, subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more to this channel. I'll make sure more to this channel. I'll make sure more stuff shows up like this in your feed. stuff shows up like this in your feed. stuff shows up like this in your feed. Really appreciate you hanging out, Really appreciate you hanging out, Really appreciate you hanging out, nerding out, and hopefully I'll see you nerding out, and hopefully I'll see you nerding out, and hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. A circuit in the next one. Bye-bye. A circuit in the next one. Bye-bye. A circuit board BCP board BCP board BCP holds parts and links them holds parts and links them holds parts and links them links there. Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in Fiberglass carries thin copper traces in layers, pads and holes, marks
