Title: How to generate AI images and videos for free without internet (ComfyUI Tutorial)
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

It got Donald Trump, I guess, but I'm It got Donald Trump, I guess, but I'm It got Donald Trump, I guess, but I'm not really seeing the Adam Sandler in not really seeing the Adam Sandler in not really seeing the Adam Sandler in this. In this video, I'm going to show this. In this video, I'm going to show this. In this video, I'm going to show you how to create any image or any video you how to create any image or any video you how to create any image or any video you can imagine, all from your local you can imagine, all from your local you can imagine, all from your local computer. Once you have this set up, you computer. Once you have this set up, you computer. Once you have this set up, you won't even need the internet to generate won't even need the internet to generate won't even need the internet to generate images and videos. It all happens images and videos. It all happens images and videos. It all happens completely on your computer. And the completely on your computer. And the completely on your computer. And the models we'll be playing with are pretty models we'll be playing with are pretty models we'll be playing with are pretty much completely uncensored, so you can much completely uncensored, so you can much completely uncensored, so you can generate any weird abomination that pops generate any weird abomination that pops generate any weird abomination that pops into your head. But you might be asking, into your head. But you might be asking, into your head. But you might be asking, why would I need an image or video why would I need an image or video why would I need an image or video generator that's not connected to the generator that's not connected to the generator that's not connected to the internet? Well, for starters, you're not internet? Well, for starters, you're not internet? Well, for starters, you're not giving any data to Google or Microsoft giving any data to Google or Microsoft giving any data to Google or Microsoft or OpenAI or any big tech company for or OpenAI or any big tech company for or OpenAI or any big tech company for that matter, and they can't train on that matter, and they can't train on that matter, and they can't train on anything that you do with these models anything that you do with these models anything that you do with these models cuz you didn't send them anything. Or cuz you didn't send them anything. Or cuz you didn't send them anything. Or maybe you live in a remote area or have maybe you live in a remote area or have maybe you live in a remote area or have connection issues or want to generate connection issues or want to generate connection issues or want to generate images at 30,000 ft while on a flight to images at 30,000 ft while on a flight to images at 30,000 ft while on a flight to your mom's house. And of course, well, your mom's house. And of course, well, your mom's house. And of course, well, there's the use case of making images there's the use case of making images there's the use case of making images for your own private collection. for your own private collection. for your own private collection. Nice. Nice. Nice. You know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. Whatever your reason is, I've got you Whatever your reason is, I've got you Whatever your reason is, I've got you covered in today's video. So, let's covered in today's video. So, let's covered in today's video. So, let's start with part one, setting up the main start with part one, setting up the main start with part one, setting up the main generation software. For this video, generation software. For this video, generation software. For this video, we'll be using Comfy UI and installing we'll be using Comfy UI and installing we'll be using Comfy UI and installing it locally. I'm doing this demo on a it locally. I'm doing this demo on a it locally. I'm doing this demo on a Mac, but the workflow is basically going Mac, but the workflow is basically going Mac, but the workflow is basically going to be the same on a PC. to be the same on a PC. to be the same on a PC. Hello, I'm a Mac. Hello, I'm a Mac. Hello, I'm a Mac. And I'm a PC. And if you're not familiar And I'm a PC. And if you're not familiar And I'm a PC. And if you're not familiar with Comfy UI, it's like this visual with Comfy UI, it's like this visual with Comfy UI, it's like this visual control panel for creating AI generated control panel for creating AI generated control panel for creating AI generated images and videos. When you see Comfy UI images and videos. When you see Comfy UI images and videos. When you see Comfy UI for the first time, it looks super for the first time, it looks super for the first time, it looks super overwhelming. The workflows look like a overwhelming. The workflows look like a overwhelming. The workflows look like a giant spaghetti bowl of connected nodes giant spaghetti bowl of connected nodes giant spaghetti bowl of connected nodes that seem super complicated. However, that seem super complicated. However, that seem super complicated. However, this tutorial is not going to get into this tutorial is not going to get into this tutorial is not going to get into super advanced, comfy UI techniques. super advanced, comfy UI techniques. super advanced, comfy UI techniques. Instead, I want to show you the simplest Instead, I want to show you the simplest Instead, I want to show you the simplest possible workflows to use this tool. So, possible workflows to use this tool. So, possible workflows to use this tool. So, I'm going to share resources and I'm going to share resources and I'm going to share resources and shortcuts and simple methods where it shortcuts and simple methods where it shortcuts and simple methods where it won't even really matter if you do or won't even really matter if you do or won't even really matter if you do or don't understand what's happening with don't understand what's happening with don't understand what's happening with Comfy UI. This tutorial is designed for Comfy UI. This tutorial is designed for Comfy UI. This tutorial is designed for anyone to get up and running as quickly anyone to get up and running as quickly anyone to get up and running as quickly as possible. The Comfy UI rabbit hole as possible. The Comfy UI rabbit hole as possible. The Comfy UI rabbit hole does run super deep and there is so much does run super deep and there is so much does run super deep and there is so much customization that you can do, but for customization that you can do, but for customization that you can do, but for today's tutorial, I want to get you in today's tutorial, I want to get you in today's tutorial, I want to get you in and using it as quickly as possible. So, and using it as quickly as possible. So, and using it as quickly as possible. So, the absolute simplest way to get Comfy the absolute simplest way to get Comfy the absolute simplest way to get Comfy UI installed on your computer is to head UI installed on your computer is to head UI installed on your computer is to head over to their official website at over to their official website at over to their official website at comfy.org. comfy.org. comfy.org. We can see on their website, if we We can see on their website, if we We can see on their website, if we scroll down here, it's free and open scroll down here, it's free and open scroll down here, it's free and open source. Comfy UI is 100% free and open source. Comfy UI is 100% free and open source. Comfy UI is 100% free and open source and always will be. No source and always will be. No source and always will be. No subscriptions, no hidden costs. Build, subscriptions, no hidden costs. Build, subscriptions, no hidden costs. Build, create, and share without limits, and create, and share without limits, and create, and share without limits, and runs locally fast. Comfy is designed for runs locally fast. Comfy is designed for runs locally fast. Comfy is designed for performance. Run workflows directly on performance. Run workflows directly on performance. Run workflows directly on your machine for faster iteration, lower your machine for faster iteration, lower your machine for faster iteration, lower costs, and complete control. It's also costs, and complete control. It's also costs, and complete control. It's also super customizable, which we'll get into super customizable, which we'll get into super customizable, which we'll get into some of those customizations in today's some of those customizations in today's some of those customizations in today's video. So, let's scroll back to the top video. So, let's scroll back to the top video. So, let's scroll back to the top here. We'll click on download, and we've here. We'll click on download, and we've here. We'll click on download, and we've got two options. Like I mentioned, I'm got two options. Like I mentioned, I'm got two options. Like I mentioned, I'm on a Mac. I'm going to download it for on a Mac. I'm going to download it for on a Mac. I'm going to download it for Mac. And this is basically an easy Mac. And this is basically an easy Mac. And this is basically an easy install. Now, you can install from install. Now, you can install from install. Now, you can install from GitHub if you want. And if you want to GitHub if you want. And if you want to GitHub if you want. And if you want to do that, you can head to this do that, you can head to this do that, you can head to this github.com, comfy anonymous/comfy ui github.com, comfy anonymous/comfy ui github.com, comfy anonymous/comfy ui here, and there is a pretty step-by-step here, and there is a pretty step-by-step here, and there is a pretty step-by-step tutorial on how to get it installed. You tutorial on how to get it installed. You tutorial on how to get it installed. You can click on manual install, and it will can click on manual install, and it will can click on manual install, and it will walk you through it. But again, just walk you through it. But again, just walk you through it. But again, just downloading the Windows and Mac downloading the Windows and Mac downloading the Windows and Mac installers skips a whole bunch of steps. installers skips a whole bunch of steps. installers skips a whole bunch of steps. You don't have to think about installing You don't have to think about installing You don't have to think about installing Python or all the other dependencies Python or all the other dependencies Python or all the other dependencies that are required to get Comfy UI that are required to get Comfy UI that are required to get Comfy UI working. So, now that I've got it working. So, now that I've got it working. So, now that I've got it downloaded, I'm going to go ahead and downloaded, I'm going to go ahead and downloaded, I'm going to go ahead and open the download and I'm going to drop open the download and I'm going to drop open the download and I'm going to drop Comfy UI into my applications folder. Comfy UI into my applications folder. Comfy UI into my applications folder. And if I go to open Comfy UI, it's now And if I go to open Comfy UI, it's now And if I go to open Comfy UI, it's now available to run on my desktop here. available to run on my desktop here. available to run on my desktop here. We'll go through the setup process. We'll go through the setup process. We'll go through the setup process. Click get started. Select the GPU you Click get started. Select the GPU you Click get started. Select the GPU you have. I'm on an M3 Ultra, so I'll go have. I'm on an M3 Ultra, so I'll go have. I'm on an M3 Ultra, so I'll go ahead and click next. You can install it ahead and click next. You can install it ahead and click next. You can install it wherever you want. For this wherever you want. For this wherever you want. For this demonstration, I'm going to go ahead and demonstration, I'm going to go ahead and demonstration, I'm going to go ahead and leave the installation directory the leave the installation directory the leave the installation directory the default here. And we'll click next. Now, default here. And we'll click next. Now, default here. And we'll click next. Now, I'm not migrating any sort of existing I'm not migrating any sort of existing I'm not migrating any sort of existing installation, so I'm going to skip over installation, so I'm going to skip over installation, so I'm going to skip over this. And it's up to you whether you this. And it's up to you whether you this. And it's up to you whether you want to leave automatic updates on and want to leave automatic updates on and want to leave automatic updates on and usage metrics on. And we'll go ahead and usage metrics on. And we'll go ahead and usage metrics on. And we'll go ahead and install it. Now, it's going to run a install it. Now, it's going to run a install it. Now, it's going to run a bunch of scripts in the background, but bunch of scripts in the background, but bunch of scripts in the background, but again, this skips over so many steps again, this skips over so many steps again, this skips over so many steps that you would have to do if you were that you would have to do if you were that you would have to do if you were using the manual process. Once the using the manual process. Once the using the manual process. Once the installation for Comfy UI is done, installation for Comfy UI is done, installation for Comfy UI is done, you'll see a page that looks like this you'll see a page that looks like this you'll see a page that looks like this where it says get started with a where it says get started with a where it says get started with a template. And this is the easiest way to template. And this is the easiest way to template. And this is the easiest way to set it up. Now, other tutorials will set it up. Now, other tutorials will set it up. Now, other tutorials will show you that you can go and download show you that you can go and download show you that you can go and download the models from Hugging Face or Civot AI the models from Hugging Face or Civot AI the models from Hugging Face or Civot AI or places like that to actually get the or places like that to actually get the or places like that to actually get the models that you're going to use. And you models that you're going to use. And you models that you're going to use. And you can definitely follow those tutorials can definitely follow those tutorials can definitely follow those tutorials and do that. But I find just using these and do that. But I find just using these and do that. But I find just using these built-in templates that are already in built-in templates that are already in built-in templates that are already in the Comfy UI installer is the easiest the Comfy UI installer is the easiest the Comfy UI installer is the easiest way to get going with Comfy UI. And way to get going with Comfy UI. And way to get going with Comfy UI. And there's a lot of options. So, check this there's a lot of options. So, check this there's a lot of options. So, check this out. Like, there's all of these out. Like, there's all of these out. Like, there's all of these different Flux image models that you can different Flux image models that you can different Flux image models that you can quickly get set up. There's other image quickly get set up. There's other image quickly get set up. There's other image models outside of Flux like various models outside of Flux like various models outside of Flux like various stable diffusion models. We've got video stable diffusion models. We've got video stable diffusion models. We've got video models like Juan 2.2, Mochi, Hunion models like Juan 2.2, Mochi, Hunion models like Juan 2.2, Mochi, Hunion video, text to video, and so much more. video, text to video, and so much more. video, text to video, and so much more. There's also API connections. Now, keep There's also API connections. Now, keep There's also API connections. Now, keep in mind if you do use these API in mind if you do use these API in mind if you do use these API connections, these ones you do need to connections, these ones you do need to connections, these ones you do need to connect to the internet. This is connect to the internet. This is connect to the internet. This is basically calling their servers to do basically calling their servers to do basically calling their servers to do the processing instead of doing it the processing instead of doing it the processing instead of doing it locally. So if you do decide to use like locally. So if you do decide to use like locally. So if you do decide to use like an image API or video API or 3D API, an image API or video API or 3D API, an image API or video API or 3D API, these ones are connecting to servers, these ones are connecting to servers, these ones are connecting to servers, but you can use Comfy UI with really but you can use Comfy UI with really but you can use Comfy UI with really good models like the Recraft models, the good models like the Recraft models, the good models like the Recraft models, the runway models, the stability models, runway models, the stability models, runway models, the stability models, idiogram, things like that. But again, idiogram, things like that. But again, idiogram, things like that. But again, this is not offline models. So let's this is not offline models. So let's this is not offline models. So let's move on to part two of this video, which move on to part two of this video, which move on to part two of this video, which is generating images with Comfy UI. So is generating images with Comfy UI. So is generating images with Comfy UI. So right now, in my opinion, the absolute right now, in my opinion, the absolute right now, in my opinion, the absolute best image generation model that can be best image generation model that can be best image generation model that can be run locally on your computer is this run locally on your computer is this run locally on your computer is this Flux 1 Cade Dev. Now, if I select this, Flux 1 Cade Dev. Now, if I select this, Flux 1 Cade Dev. Now, if I select this, we'll see it set up this workflow in the we'll see it set up this workflow in the we'll see it set up this workflow in the background, but it's telling me I'm background, but it's telling me I'm background, but it's telling me I'm missing everything. I don't have my text missing everything. I don't have my text missing everything. I don't have my text encoders. I don't have my VAE. I don't encoders. I don't have my VAE. I don't encoders. I don't have my VAE. I don't have my diffusion models. Nothing is set have my diffusion models. Nothing is set have my diffusion models. Nothing is set up properly. But it's super easy to get up properly. But it's super easy to get up properly. But it's super easy to get it set up. We just go through and it set up. We just go through and it set up. We just go through and download each of these. Let's download download each of these. Let's download download each of these. Let's download our text encoder here. We'll download our text encoder here. We'll download our text encoder here. We'll download this text encoder. Keep in mind, watch this text encoder. Keep in mind, watch this text encoder. Keep in mind, watch the file sizes. They are often very, the file sizes. They are often very, the file sizes. They are often very, very large, so make sure you've got the very large, so make sure you've got the very large, so make sure you've got the space to do it. But we'll go ahead and space to do it. But we'll go ahead and space to do it. But we'll go ahead and download this text encoder. We'll download this text encoder. We'll download this text encoder. We'll download our VAE here. We'll download download our VAE here. We'll download download our VAE here. We'll download our diffusion model, which again, 11 GB, our diffusion model, which again, 11 GB, our diffusion model, which again, 11 GB, so keep an eye on that size. But we'll so keep an eye on that size. But we'll so keep an eye on that size. But we'll go ahead and download that. And we'll go ahead and download that. And we'll go ahead and download that. And we'll let these downloads run. Once they're let these downloads run. Once they're let these downloads run. Once they're all done downloading, we'll be able to all done downloading, we'll be able to all done downloading, we'll be able to generate images with Flux 1 Craya. And I generate images with Flux 1 Craya. And I generate images with Flux 1 Craya. And I could turn off the internet and it will could turn off the internet and it will could turn off the internet and it will still work. After a few minutes, all the still work. After a few minutes, all the still work. After a few minutes, all the models are downloaded and I can go ahead models are downloaded and I can go ahead models are downloaded and I can go ahead and close this box and we can see this and close this box and we can see this and close this box and we can see this is our Comfy UI workflow that it is our Comfy UI workflow that it is our Comfy UI workflow that it created. Now, once we get to this created. Now, once we get to this created. Now, once we get to this screen, for the most part, you can leave screen, for the most part, you can leave screen, for the most part, you can leave all of these settings the same. We've all of these settings the same. We've all of these settings the same. We've already got our flux model loaded in already got our flux model loaded in already got our flux model loaded in here. All of these things can pretty here. All of these things can pretty here. All of these things can pretty much stay on the default. We just give much stay on the default. We just give much stay on the default. We just give it a prompt. And well, when I give it a it a prompt. And well, when I give it a it a prompt. And well, when I give it a prompt right now of New York City prompt right now of New York City prompt right now of New York City skyline at night, I get this error that skyline at night, I get this error that skyline at night, I get this error that says trying to convert float 8 blah blah says trying to convert float 8 blah blah says trying to convert float 8 blah blah blah to MPS backend, but it does not blah to MPS backend, but it does not blah to MPS backend, but it does not have support for that dype. This is have support for that dype. This is have support for that dype. This is happening because I'm on a Mac. happening because I'm on a Mac. happening because I'm on a Mac. I'm a Mac. I'm a Mac. I'm a Mac. If you're on a PC, you're probably not If you're on a PC, you're probably not If you're on a PC, you're probably not going to see this error. It will going to see this error. It will going to see this error. It will probably just generate the image for you probably just generate the image for you probably just generate the image for you right off the bat. But because I'm on a right off the bat. But because I'm on a right off the bat. But because I'm on a Mac, it doesn't work with this float 8 Mac, it doesn't work with this float 8 Mac, it doesn't work with this float 8 style. And I know this is sounding style. And I know this is sounding style. And I know this is sounding complicated, but honestly, don't really complicated, but honestly, don't really complicated, but honestly, don't really stress out about this. So, in order to stress out about this. So, in order to stress out about this. So, in order to fix this issue, I need to get a model fix this issue, I need to get a model fix this issue, I need to get a model that actually does work on Mac. This FP8 that actually does work on Mac. This FP8 that actually does work on Mac. This FP8 version does not work on Macs. That version does not work on Macs. That version does not work on Macs. That needs to be done on a PC. I actually needs to be done on a PC. I actually needs to be done on a PC. I actually need to head on over to hugging face and need to head on over to hugging face and need to head on over to hugging face and this URL up here where I can actually this URL up here where I can actually this URL up here where I can actually download the main model for Flux 1 download the main model for Flux 1 download the main model for Flux 1 Craya. You'll see down here there's flux Craya. You'll see down here there's flux Craya. You'll see down here there's flux one-ca-dev.safe one-ca-dev.safe one-ca-dev.safe safe tensors and is a 23.8 GB file, but safe tensors and is a 23.8 GB file, but safe tensors and is a 23.8 GB file, but this is a file that will actually run on this is a file that will actually run on this is a file that will actually run on the M series of Macs where the smaller the M series of Macs where the smaller the M series of Macs where the smaller one that we tried at first needs CUDA one that we tried at first needs CUDA one that we tried at first needs CUDA architecture which requires Nvidia GPUs. architecture which requires Nvidia GPUs. architecture which requires Nvidia GPUs. But what you need to know is if you're But what you need to know is if you're But what you need to know is if you're on a Mac, this is the one you're going on a Mac, this is the one you're going on a Mac, this is the one you're going to need. If you're on a PC, that to need. If you're on a PC, that to need. If you're on a PC, that previous model that it installed for us previous model that it installed for us previous model that it installed for us probably worked. So, go ahead and probably worked. So, go ahead and probably worked. So, go ahead and download this one. It's yes, 24 gigs. download this one. It's yes, 24 gigs. download this one. It's yes, 24 gigs. But once you download it, you're going But once you download it, you're going But once you download it, you're going to go to where you installed Comfy UI. to go to where you installed Comfy UI. to go to where you installed Comfy UI. In my case, it was under the documents In my case, it was under the documents In my case, it was under the documents folder, Comfy UI. And then you're going folder, Comfy UI. And then you're going folder, Comfy UI. And then you're going to go into models. And then you should to go into models. And then you should to go into models. And then you should have a folder called diffusion models have a folder called diffusion models have a folder called diffusion models here. This is where you want to drop here. This is where you want to drop here. This is where you want to drop that Flux 1 Craya dev safe tensors file that Flux 1 Craya dev safe tensors file that Flux 1 Craya dev safe tensors file that's 24 GB. Once that's in there, you that's 24 GB. Once that's in there, you that's 24 GB. Once that's in there, you can then restart your Comfy UI can then restart your Comfy UI can then restart your Comfy UI interface. Just close out of it interface. Just close out of it interface. Just close out of it completely, open it up again, and the completely, open it up again, and the completely, open it up again, and the new model should be available. So, if I new model should be available. So, if I new model should be available. So, if I click the arrow here, we now see Flux 1 click the arrow here, we now see Flux 1 click the arrow here, we now see Flux 1 Crayade dev.safe tensors. This is a Crayade dev.safe tensors. This is a Crayade dev.safe tensors. This is a model that should run on my Mac. Now, if model that should run on my Mac. Now, if model that should run on my Mac. Now, if I try to run this again, leaving I try to run this again, leaving I try to run this again, leaving everything else the same. New York City everything else the same. New York City everything else the same. New York City skyline at night. Let's click run. And skyline at night. Let's click run. And skyline at night. Let's click run. And pretty quickly, we've got our image of a pretty quickly, we've got our image of a pretty quickly, we've got our image of a New York City skyline at night. Let's New York City skyline at night. Let's New York City skyline at night. Let's try the White House in the middle of the try the White House in the middle of the try the White House in the middle of the winter and run this one. And we get a winter and run this one. And we get a winter and run this one. And we get a snowy picture of the White House. And snowy picture of the White House. And snowy picture of the White House. And here's the Eiffel Tower at sunset. If here's the Eiffel Tower at sunset. If here's the Eiffel Tower at sunset. If you need some stock photography, but you you need some stock photography, but you you need some stock photography, but you don't want to pay a stock photography don't want to pay a stock photography don't want to pay a stock photography site, you can interrompt like four site, you can interrompt like four site, you can interrompt like four business people in suits sitting around business people in suits sitting around business people in suits sitting around a conference table all shaking hands at a conference table all shaking hands at a conference table all shaking hands at the same time and you get something that the same time and you get something that the same time and you get something that looks like it's straight out of shutter looks like it's straight out of shutter looks like it's straight out of shutter stock. Now, one of the limitations of stock. Now, one of the limitations of stock. Now, one of the limitations of this Flux Craya dev model and I think this Flux Craya dev model and I think this Flux Craya dev model and I think pretty much all of the Flux models is pretty much all of the Flux models is pretty much all of the Flux models is that I don't believe they'll generate that I don't believe they'll generate that I don't believe they'll generate pictures of actual celebrities like pictures of actual celebrities like pictures of actual celebrities like their real likeness. If I plug in Sam their real likeness. If I plug in Sam their real likeness. If I plug in Sam Altman, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk Altman, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk Altman, Mark Zuckerberg, and Elon Musk fighting in a WWE ring and generate fighting in a WWE ring and generate fighting in a WWE ring and generate this, you'll see that it'll most likely this, you'll see that it'll most likely this, you'll see that it'll most likely generate people. They just don't really generate people. They just don't really generate people. They just don't really look anything like the people you asked look anything like the people you asked look anything like the people you asked them to generate. Although, I guess it them to generate. Although, I guess it them to generate. Although, I guess it is all three white dudes in a ring, and is all three white dudes in a ring, and is all three white dudes in a ring, and they don't look too far off, but it's they don't look too far off, but it's they don't look too far off, but it's not very great at generating people. not very great at generating people. not very great at generating people. Here's what I got when I tried to do Here's what I got when I tried to do Here's what I got when I tried to do Gary Buucy eating a dozen sausages at Gary Buucy eating a dozen sausages at Gary Buucy eating a dozen sausages at once. Clearly not Gary Buucy, but I once. Clearly not Gary Buucy, but I once. Clearly not Gary Buucy, but I really want to try to push this to its really want to try to push this to its really want to try to push this to its limit to show that it is pretty dang limit to show that it is pretty dang limit to show that it is pretty dang uncensored. It just doesn't have like uncensored. It just doesn't have like uncensored. It just doesn't have like real celebrities in the training data. real celebrities in the training data. real celebrities in the training data. So, let's do a prompt like Mario So, let's do a prompt like Mario So, let's do a prompt like Mario reimagined as Scorpion and Luigi reimagined as Scorpion and Luigi reimagined as Scorpion and Luigi re-imagined as Subzero from Mortal re-imagined as Subzero from Mortal re-imagined as Subzero from Mortal Kombat. Subzero Luigi is holding Kombat. Subzero Luigi is holding Kombat. Subzero Luigi is holding Scorpion Mario's head in his hands while Scorpion Mario's head in his hands while Scorpion Mario's head in his hands while the spine dangles below it. Thanks, the spine dangles below it. Thanks, the spine dangles below it. Thanks, Dave, for this prompt, by the way. Dave, for this prompt, by the way. Dave, for this prompt, by the way. Fatality. And this is what I got from Fatality. And this is what I got from Fatality. And this is what I got from that. Not quite what I envisioned. Let that. Not quite what I envisioned. Let that. Not quite what I envisioned. Let me try some other prompts and see what I me try some other prompts and see what I me try some other prompts and see what I can come up with. No, it kind of mixed can come up with. No, it kind of mixed can come up with. No, it kind of mixed up Mario and Luigi a little bit, but as up Mario and Luigi a little bit, but as up Mario and Luigi a little bit, but as you can see, we can get kind of crazy you can see, we can get kind of crazy you can see, we can get kind of crazy outputs. I also got it to create some outputs. I also got it to create some outputs. I also got it to create some like crazy horror scenes that most like crazy horror scenes that most like crazy horror scenes that most closed source models will refuse to do closed source models will refuse to do closed source models will refuse to do for you. Now, if at any point you want for you. Now, if at any point you want for you. Now, if at any point you want to go back and look at the images that to go back and look at the images that to go back and look at the images that you generated, you go to where you you generated, you go to where you you generated, you go to where you installed Comfy UI and then click into installed Comfy UI and then click into installed Comfy UI and then click into the output folder. And you can see it the output folder. And you can see it the output folder. And you can see it created a Flux Craft folder here. And we created a Flux Craft folder here. And we created a Flux Craft folder here. And we can see all of the outputs that we've can see all of the outputs that we've can see all of the outputs that we've generated with Flux so far right inside generated with Flux so far right inside generated with Flux so far right inside of this folder. And they're available of this folder. And they're available of this folder. And they're available for us to access and use however we want for us to access and use however we want for us to access and use however we want on our hard drive, not in a cloud on our hard drive, not in a cloud on our hard drive, not in a cloud anywhere. Although these are syncing to anywhere. Although these are syncing to anywhere. Although these are syncing to my Apple Cloud. So I guess that's not my Apple Cloud. So I guess that's not my Apple Cloud. So I guess that's not totally true in this case. But if you totally true in this case. But if you totally true in this case. But if you have Apple Cloud turned off, they won't have Apple Cloud turned off, they won't have Apple Cloud turned off, they won't be synced to a cloud. So now let's move be synced to a cloud. So now let's move be synced to a cloud. So now let's move on to part three of this video, which is on to part three of this video, which is on to part three of this video, which is generating videos offline with Comfy UI. generating videos offline with Comfy UI. generating videos offline with Comfy UI. For this section of the video, I've For this section of the video, I've For this section of the video, I've actually switched over to my PC. actually switched over to my PC. actually switched over to my PC. I also do fun stuff. I also do fun stuff. I also do fun stuff. You can run these video models on a Mac. You can run these video models on a Mac. You can run these video models on a Mac. It's just that most of them are It's just that most of them are It's just that most of them are optimized to run with Nvidia GPUs. And optimized to run with Nvidia GPUs. And optimized to run with Nvidia GPUs. And when you try to run these on a Mac, when you try to run these on a Mac, when you try to run these on a Mac, they're just extremely slow. I mean, they're just extremely slow. I mean, they're just extremely slow. I mean, we're talking 20 to 60 minutes to we're talking 20 to 60 minutes to we're talking 20 to 60 minutes to generate one sixsecond video. So, for generate one sixsecond video. So, for generate one sixsecond video. So, for the sake of this video, I switched over the sake of this video, I switched over the sake of this video, I switched over to my PC to make the process a little to my PC to make the process a little to my PC to make the process a little bit faster while I'm demoing it to you. bit faster while I'm demoing it to you. bit faster while I'm demoing it to you. The absolute easiest way to get video The absolute easiest way to get video The absolute easiest way to get video working in Comfy UI is while you're working in Comfy UI is while you're working in Comfy UI is while you're logged into your Comfy UI desktop app, logged into your Comfy UI desktop app, logged into your Comfy UI desktop app, come up to workflow, come up to browse come up to workflow, come up to browse come up to workflow, come up to browse templates where we originally started, templates where we originally started, templates where we originally started, and then over on the left, we have a and then over on the left, we have a and then over on the left, we have a video menu. And right now, as of this video menu. And right now, as of this video menu. And right now, as of this recording, the one 2.2 2 family of video recording, the one 2.2 2 family of video recording, the one 2.2 2 family of video models are the most powerful openweight models are the most powerful openweight models are the most powerful openweight models. These are the best models that models. These are the best models that models. These are the best models that you can use offline right now. And we you can use offline right now. And we you can use offline right now. And we have a few options here. We've got one have a few options here. We've got one have a few options here. We've got one 2.214b text to video, one 2.24b image to 2.214b text to video, one 2.24b image to 2.214b text to video, one 2.24b image to video. They separated the two modalities video. They separated the two modalities video. They separated the two modalities out. And then you have one 2.25b out. And then you have one 2.25b out. And then you have one 2.25b video generation, which does both. This video generation, which does both. This video generation, which does both. This has text and image to video. And you has text and image to video. And you has text and image to video. And you pick which one you want to use. And this pick which one you want to use. And this pick which one you want to use. And this is a brand new one that was also just is a brand new one that was also just is a brand new one that was also just added in 1 2.214b added in 1 2.214b added in 1 2.214b first and last frame to video. So you first and last frame to video. So you first and last frame to video. So you can actually pick a first frame and a can actually pick a first frame and a can actually pick a first frame and a last frame and have it generate a video last frame and have it generate a video last frame and have it generate a video that goes between the two frames. If you that goes between the two frames. If you that goes between the two frames. If you have a pretty decent GPU, you can use have a pretty decent GPU, you can use have a pretty decent GPU, you can use any of these 14B models. If you've got a any of these 14B models. If you've got a any of these 14B models. If you've got a older slower Nvidia GPU, you're probably older slower Nvidia GPU, you're probably older slower Nvidia GPU, you're probably going to want to use this 5B model. going to want to use this 5B model. going to want to use this 5B model. Let's start with the text to video Let's start with the text to video Let's start with the text to video model. I'm just going to click on this. model. I'm just going to click on this. model. I'm just going to click on this. It's going to tell me that there's a few It's going to tell me that there's a few It's going to tell me that there's a few missing models. So, just like before, missing models. So, just like before, missing models. So, just like before, I'm going to go through and download I'm going to go through and download I'm going to go through and download these models. We'll go ahead and grab these models. We'll go ahead and grab these models. We'll go ahead and grab them all so we can get this model them all so we can get this model them all so we can get this model working. Once our models are all done working. Once our models are all done working. Once our models are all done downloading, I can close out of this. downloading, I can close out of this. downloading, I can close out of this. And now we've got our video workflow And now we've got our video workflow And now we've got our video workflow here. And we can pretty much leave here. And we can pretty much leave here. And we can pretty much leave everything at the default. We can see everything at the default. We can see everything at the default. We can see they've got our prompt here. They've they've got our prompt here. They've they've got our prompt here. They've also got a negative prompt, which is also got a negative prompt, which is also got a negative prompt, which is written in Chinese. I don't know what it written in Chinese. I don't know what it written in Chinese. I don't know what it says, but supposedly it's a decent says, but supposedly it's a decent says, but supposedly it's a decent negative prompt, so you could just go negative prompt, so you could just go negative prompt, so you could just go ahead and leave it. But let's go ahead ahead and leave it. But let's go ahead ahead and leave it. But let's go ahead and generate something that would work and generate something that would work and generate something that would work as like stock video. Let's do a drone as like stock video. Let's do a drone as like stock video. Let's do a drone shot of the Grand Canyon. And we'll shot of the Grand Canyon. And we'll shot of the Grand Canyon. And we'll literally leave everything on its literally leave everything on its literally leave everything on its default settings here and run it. And default settings here and run it. And default settings here and run it. And after a few minutes, we get this aerial after a few minutes, we get this aerial after a few minutes, we get this aerial drone shot of the Grand Canyon. Now, drone shot of the Grand Canyon. Now, drone shot of the Grand Canyon. Now, this model is still pretty slow even on this model is still pretty slow even on this model is still pretty slow even on Nvidia GPUs, but it's a heck of a lot Nvidia GPUs, but it's a heck of a lot Nvidia GPUs, but it's a heck of a lot faster than if you were trying on a Mac. faster than if you were trying on a Mac. faster than if you were trying on a Mac. I want to do a quick test here just cuz I want to do a quick test here just cuz I want to do a quick test here just cuz I'm curious if it'll do it. a drone shot I'm curious if it'll do it. a drone shot I'm curious if it'll do it. a drone shot of Zezy Ping's house. As it pans by his of Zezy Ping's house. As it pans by his of Zezy Ping's house. As it pans by his kitchen window, we see him making kitchen window, we see him making kitchen window, we see him making pancakes. I just wonder because it's a pancakes. I just wonder because it's a pancakes. I just wonder because it's a Chinese model if it will uh even allow Chinese model if it will uh even allow Chinese model if it will uh even allow me to generate this prompt, and I'm just me to generate this prompt, and I'm just me to generate this prompt, and I'm just really curious. So, let's find out. And really curious. So, let's find out. And really curious. So, let's find out. And here's what we got out of that. I mean, here's what we got out of that. I mean, here's what we got out of that. I mean, it kind of just looks like a generic it kind of just looks like a generic it kind of just looks like a generic flyby of a house. I don't think that flyby of a house. I don't think that flyby of a house. I don't think that that looks like anybody in particular. that looks like anybody in particular. that looks like anybody in particular. Uh I don't think it censored it. It just Uh I don't think it censored it. It just Uh I don't think it censored it. It just didn't get close enough to make out who didn't get close enough to make out who didn't get close enough to make out who was in the video. All right. Now, let's was in the video. All right. Now, let's was in the video. All right. Now, let's play with image to video. So, once play with image to video. So, once play with image to video. So, once again, I'm going to come into workflow, again, I'm going to come into workflow, again, I'm going to come into workflow, click on browse templates, come over to click on browse templates, come over to click on browse templates, come over to video, and this time we'll do the one video, and this time we'll do the one video, and this time we'll do the one 2.21 14b image to video. Again, a couple 2.21 14b image to video. Again, a couple 2.21 14b image to video. Again, a couple missing models, very large models, but missing models, very large models, but missing models, very large models, but let's go ahead and download them. Once let's go ahead and download them. Once let's go ahead and download them. Once those are done downloading, I'm going to those are done downloading, I'm going to those are done downloading, I'm going to close this box here. And we can see that close this box here. And we can see that close this box here. And we can see that we load our image right here. I actually we load our image right here. I actually we load our image right here. I actually just generated this image. It's supposed just generated this image. It's supposed just generated this image. It's supposed to be Bigfoot taking a selfie. Looks to be Bigfoot taking a selfie. Looks to be Bigfoot taking a selfie. Looks more like a gorilla taking a selfie, but more like a gorilla taking a selfie, but more like a gorilla taking a selfie, but we'll go ahead and roll with it. I'll we'll go ahead and roll with it. I'll we'll go ahead and roll with it. I'll pull that image in right here. And we'll pull that image in right here. And we'll pull that image in right here. And we'll do the prompt Bigfoot taking a selfie do the prompt Bigfoot taking a selfie do the prompt Bigfoot taking a selfie video while showing off his campsite. video while showing off his campsite. video while showing off his campsite. And we'll come down and click on run And we'll come down and click on run And we'll come down and click on run here. And here's what we got out of here. And here's what we got out of here. And here's what we got out of that. We can see that it's got a video that. We can see that it's got a video that. We can see that it's got a video and it kind of uh changes angle and we and it kind of uh changes angle and we and it kind of uh changes angle and we can see the tent in the background. But can see the tent in the background. But can see the tent in the background. But again, very, very slow even on a really again, very, very slow even on a really again, very, very slow even on a really good GPU. So let's go ahead and come good GPU. So let's go ahead and come good GPU. So let's go ahead and come back to browse templates and we'll play back to browse templates and we'll play back to browse templates and we'll play around with the 5 billion parameter around with the 5 billion parameter around with the 5 billion parameter video generation model here which does video generation model here which does video generation model here which does both text to video and image to video. both text to video and image to video. both text to video and image to video. Again download these models here and Again download these models here and Again download these models here and then we'll close out of this here and then we'll close out of this here and then we'll close out of this here and we've got our pre-built workflow. These we've got our pre-built workflow. These we've got our pre-built workflow. These look like crazy spaghetti bowls that are look like crazy spaghetti bowls that are look like crazy spaghetti bowls that are hard to understand but if you just use hard to understand but if you just use hard to understand but if you just use the pre-built workflows you don't really the pre-built workflows you don't really the pre-built workflows you don't really have to worry about it. So on this one, have to worry about it. So on this one, have to worry about it. So on this one, it's a smaller model, so it should it's a smaller model, so it should it's a smaller model, so it should actually generate our videos a little actually generate our videos a little actually generate our videos a little bit faster with a slight hit in quality. bit faster with a slight hit in quality. bit faster with a slight hit in quality. Now, I want to try a prompt that I Now, I want to try a prompt that I Now, I want to try a prompt that I wasn't able to get V3 to actually do, wasn't able to get V3 to actually do, wasn't able to get V3 to actually do, but I was able to get Halo AI to but I was able to get Halo AI to but I was able to get Halo AI to generate, which was a humansized hot dog generate, which was a humansized hot dog generate, which was a humansized hot dog grilling hot dogiz humans on a barbecue. grilling hot dogiz humans on a barbecue. grilling hot dogiz humans on a barbecue. Let's go ahead and generate that one and Let's go ahead and generate that one and Let's go ahead and generate that one and see what we get out of it. And here's see what we get out of it. And here's see what we get out of it. And here's what it generated for us. Obviously what it generated for us. Obviously what it generated for us. Obviously nowhere near as good as what Halo AI nowhere near as good as what Halo AI nowhere near as good as what Halo AI generated for us. That is not a generated for us. That is not a generated for us. That is not a humansized hot dog. This does not look humansized hot dog. This does not look humansized hot dog. This does not look like hot dog size humans. But I will like hot dog size humans. But I will like hot dog size humans. But I will tell you this was a lot faster to tell you this was a lot faster to tell you this was a lot faster to generate using this 5 billion parameter generate using this 5 billion parameter generate using this 5 billion parameter model over the 14b model. So I tested a model over the 14b model. So I tested a model over the 14b model. So I tested a man mowing the lawn in vain because the man mowing the lawn in vain because the man mowing the lawn in vain because the lawn is growing faster than he could lawn is growing faster than he could lawn is growing faster than he could mow. Eventually, the lawn consumes the mow. Eventually, the lawn consumes the mow. Eventually, the lawn consumes the man, and we can see that the lawn is man, and we can see that the lawn is man, and we can see that the lawn is definitely getting big behind him. But definitely getting big behind him. But definitely getting big behind him. But it almost looks like it's actually it almost looks like it's actually it almost looks like it's actually growing out of him more than anything. growing out of him more than anything. growing out of him more than anything. And here's what it looks like when I And here's what it looks like when I And here's what it looks like when I give the prompt. A humanoid Honda Civic give the prompt. A humanoid Honda Civic give the prompt. A humanoid Honda Civic cleaning a man with a pressure washer. cleaning a man with a pressure washer. cleaning a man with a pressure washer. And I mean, it actually did a lot better And I mean, it actually did a lot better And I mean, it actually did a lot better than V3 or Halo AI did on this specific than V3 or Halo AI did on this specific than V3 or Halo AI did on this specific prompt when I tried it last time. I did prompt when I tried it last time. I did prompt when I tried it last time. I did reword the prompt a little bit better reword the prompt a little bit better reword the prompt a little bit better this time to get it to do what I wanted, this time to get it to do what I wanted, this time to get it to do what I wanted, but I mean that's kind of a cool Honda but I mean that's kind of a cool Honda but I mean that's kind of a cool Honda Civic. And finally, I wanted to test if Civic. And finally, I wanted to test if Civic. And finally, I wanted to test if it would actually do like real it would actually do like real it would actually do like real celebrities and stuff. So, I gave it the celebrities and stuff. So, I gave it the celebrities and stuff. So, I gave it the prompt Adam Sandler hugging Donald prompt Adam Sandler hugging Donald prompt Adam Sandler hugging Donald Trump. And I mean, it got Donald Trump, Trump. And I mean, it got Donald Trump, Trump. And I mean, it got Donald Trump, I guess, but I'm not really seeing the I guess, but I'm not really seeing the I guess, but I'm not really seeing the Adam Sandler in this, but it definitely Adam Sandler in this, but it definitely Adam Sandler in this, but it definitely tried to generate Donald Trump. That tried to generate Donald Trump. That tried to generate Donald Trump. That almost looks like it's supposed to be almost looks like it's supposed to be almost looks like it's supposed to be Kamala, maybe. I I don't know. Kamala, maybe. I I don't know. Kamala, maybe. I I don't know. We did it. but it will generate Donald We did it. but it will generate Donald We did it. but it will generate Donald Trump at least. So yeah, that's how you Trump at least. So yeah, that's how you Trump at least. So yeah, that's how you generate images offline. That's how you generate images offline. That's how you generate images offline. That's how you generate videos offline. To recap, just generate videos offline. To recap, just generate videos offline. To recap, just download the Comfy UI installer for download the Comfy UI installer for download the Comfy UI installer for either Mac or Windows. And then once either Mac or Windows. And then once either Mac or Windows. And then once you're inside of Comfy UI, click on you're inside of Comfy UI, click on you're inside of Comfy UI, click on browse templates and just use the browse templates and just use the browse templates and just use the pre-built templates. Then you don't have pre-built templates. Then you don't have pre-built templates. Then you don't have to really worry about what all this to really worry about what all this to really worry about what all this spaghetti bull craziness is doing spaghetti bull craziness is doing spaghetti bull craziness is doing because somebody else already pre-built because somebody else already pre-built because somebody else already pre-built it and figured it all out for you. Now, it and figured it all out for you. Now, it and figured it all out for you. Now, personally, I don't really have a huge personally, I don't really have a huge personally, I don't really have a huge need to create a lot of uncensored need to create a lot of uncensored need to create a lot of uncensored videos or to create offline. It's just videos or to create offline. It's just videos or to create offline. It's just not a huge need of mine. I still think not a huge need of mine. I still think not a huge need of mine. I still think the VO3 model and the Halo AI models are the VO3 model and the Halo AI models are the VO3 model and the Halo AI models are the best models out there for video the best models out there for video the best models out there for video generation. But, if you absolutely want generation. But, if you absolutely want generation. But, if you absolutely want to generate offline and you want to to generate offline and you want to to generate offline and you want to generate stuff that isn't getting saved generate stuff that isn't getting saved generate stuff that isn't getting saved or watched by anybody else's servers, or watched by anybody else's servers, or watched by anybody else's servers, this is how you do it. I do have a this is how you do it. I do have a this is how you do it. I do have a little bit of concern about where this little bit of concern about where this little bit of concern about where this is all headed. I mean, you could is all headed. I mean, you could is all headed. I mean, you could literally generate anything you want. literally generate anything you want. literally generate anything you want. And even if some of these models are And even if some of these models are And even if some of these models are slightly uncensored, since they are slightly uncensored, since they are slightly uncensored, since they are openweight models, people are openweight models, people are openweight models, people are fine-tuning them and training them and fine-tuning them and training them and fine-tuning them and training them and adding extra data into them, making them adding extra data into them, making them adding extra data into them, making them able to generate literally anything, able to generate literally anything, able to generate literally anything, even things you probably shouldn't even things you probably shouldn't even things you probably shouldn't generate that no human being should ever generate that no human being should ever generate that no human being should ever want to generate, unfortunately. want to generate, unfortunately. want to generate, unfortunately. This is the world we live in now. I you This is the world we live in now. I you This is the world we live in now. I you can't put this genie back in the bottle. can't put this genie back in the bottle. can't put this genie back in the bottle. And I figure might as well learn how to And I figure might as well learn how to And I figure might as well learn how to use this stuff, learn what's out there, use this stuff, learn what's out there, use this stuff, learn what's out there, learn what you're capable of doing and learn what you're capable of doing and learn what you're capable of doing and know the technology as opposed to just know the technology as opposed to just know the technology as opposed to just completely avoiding it and being scared completely avoiding it and being scared completely avoiding it and being scared of it. Again, a lot of stuff I'm really of it. Again, a lot of stuff I'm really of it. Again, a lot of stuff I'm really really nervous that people are going to really nervous that people are going to really nervous that people are going to generate with this and a lot of bad generate with this and a lot of bad generate with this and a lot of bad actors are going to do some bad stuff actors are going to do some bad stuff actors are going to do some bad stuff with this kind of technology. But I know with this kind of technology. But I know with this kind of technology. But I know you watching you're only going to do you watching you're only going to do you watching you're only going to do good ethical stuff that nobody would good ethical stuff that nobody would good ethical stuff that nobody would frown upon. So, let's stick to that. And frown upon. So, let's stick to that. And frown upon. So, let's stick to that. And if you start playing with Comfy UI, if you start playing with Comfy UI, if you start playing with Comfy UI, you're going to be ahead of 99% of the you're going to be ahead of 99% of the you're going to be ahead of 99% of the rest of the world who basically only rest of the world who basically only rest of the world who basically only knows how to use tools like ChatgPT and knows how to use tools like ChatgPT and knows how to use tools like ChatgPT and VO. If you do want to get deeper into VO. If you do want to get deeper into VO. If you do want to get deeper into the weeds and get some really technical the weeds and get some really technical the weeds and get some really technical deep dives and learn how Comfy UI works deep dives and learn how Comfy UI works deep dives and learn how Comfy UI works and learn about additional nodes and and learn about additional nodes and and learn about additional nodes and additional ways to optimize Comfy UI, I additional ways to optimize Comfy UI, I additional ways to optimize Comfy UI, I highly recommend a couple channels. highly recommend a couple channels. highly recommend a couple channels. There's an a channel called AI Prreneur There's an a channel called AI Prreneur There's an a channel called AI Prreneur and there's a channel called Olivio and there's a channel called Olivio and there's a channel called Olivio Seras. both people that I'm buddies Seras. both people that I'm buddies Seras. both people that I'm buddies with, I've chatted with through DMs. with, I've chatted with through DMs. with, I've chatted with through DMs. They make absolutely amazing Comfy UI They make absolutely amazing Comfy UI They make absolutely amazing Comfy UI tutorials. So, I highly recommend tutorials. So, I highly recommend tutorials. So, I highly recommend checking out those two channels if you checking out those two channels if you checking out those two channels if you want to get even deeper into the weeds want to get even deeper into the weeds want to get even deeper into the weeds and really, really understand how to and really, really understand how to and really, really understand how to make anything you can possibly imagine make anything you can possibly imagine make anything you can possibly imagine with Comfy UI cuz they go a lot deeper with Comfy UI cuz they go a lot deeper with Comfy UI cuz they go a lot deeper on those types of tutorials. But this on those types of tutorials. But this on those types of tutorials. But this was meant to be the simplest overview, was meant to be the simplest overview, was meant to be the simplest overview, the fastest way to get up and running the fastest way to get up and running the fastest way to get up and running with Comfy UI, generating images and with Comfy UI, generating images and with Comfy UI, generating images and videos offline. Hopefully that helped videos offline. Hopefully that helped videos offline. Hopefully that helped you do that. I really, really appreciate you do that. I really, really appreciate you do that. I really, really appreciate you tuning in. If you want the latest you tuning in. If you want the latest you tuning in. If you want the latest and greatest AI tutorials and you want and greatest AI tutorials and you want and greatest AI tutorials and you want to stay uptodate with all of the latest to stay uptodate with all of the latest to stay uptodate with all of the latest AI news, make sure you give this video a AI news, make sure you give this video a AI news, make sure you give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel thumbs up and subscribe to this channel thumbs up and subscribe to this channel and I will make sure that more videos and I will make sure that more videos and I will make sure that more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. Thank you so much for hanging out. Thank Thank you so much for hanging out. Thank Thank you so much for hanging out. Thank you so much for nerding out and you so much for nerding out and you so much for nerding out and hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
