Title: Ling 1T Model： Too Good to Be True？
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

This is really profound. I don't think I This is really profound. I don't think I This is really profound. I don't think I have seen anything like this from a have seen anything like this from a have seen anything like this from a large language model. Okay. So, we have large language model. Okay. So, we have large language model. Okay. So, we have yet another one trillion parameter open yet another one trillion parameter open yet another one trillion parameter open weight model. This is called ling. weight model. This is called ling. weight model. This is called ling. That means we have officially entered That means we have officially entered That means we have officially entered the era of actual large language models. the era of actual large language models. the era of actual large language models. Now, this one is interesting because of Now, this one is interesting because of Now, this one is interesting because of the company who created this model. More the company who created this model. More the company who created this model. More on them later in the video, but they on them later in the video, but they on them later in the video, but they claim that it beats both openweight and claim that it beats both openweight and claim that it beats both openweight and proprietary models on a number of key proprietary models on a number of key proprietary models on a number of key math and reasoning benchmarks. Look at math and reasoning benchmarks. Look at math and reasoning benchmarks. Look at this ARGI1 score. Pretty incredible. this ARGI1 score. Pretty incredible. this ARGI1 score. Pretty incredible. Also, it seems to be state-of-the-art or Also, it seems to be state-of-the-art or Also, it seems to be state-of-the-art or close to state-of-the-art on a number of close to state-of-the-art on a number of close to state-of-the-art on a number of key coding benchmarks. But the thing key coding benchmarks. But the thing key coding benchmarks. But the thing that caught my attention was its token that caught my attention was its token that caught my attention was its token efficiency. If you look on AM 2025, it efficiency. If you look on AM 2025, it efficiency. If you look on AM 2025, it achieves state-of-the-art performance achieves state-of-the-art performance achieves state-of-the-art performance with almost 40% less tokens compared to with almost 40% less tokens compared to with almost 40% less tokens compared to Gemini 2.5 Pro, which is pretty Gemini 2.5 Pro, which is pretty Gemini 2.5 Pro, which is pretty interesting. However, this is a interesting. However, this is a interesting. However, this is a non-cognitive model or in other words, non-cognitive model or in other words, non-cognitive model or in other words, it's a non-thinking or non-reasoning it's a non-thinking or non-reasoning it's a non-thinking or non-reasoning model, which I think makes the results model, which I think makes the results model, which I think makes the results even more interesting. It's a mixture of even more interesting. It's a mixture of even more interesting. It's a mixture of expert with 1 trillion total parameters expert with 1 trillion total parameters expert with 1 trillion total parameters per token. It has only 50 billion per token. It has only 50 billion per token. It has only 50 billion parameters activated. That means it's a parameters activated. That means it's a parameters activated. That means it's a sparse mixture of expert with a context sparse mixture of expert with a context sparse mixture of expert with a context window of 128,000 tokens. But they have window of 128,000 tokens. But they have window of 128,000 tokens. But they have done what they're calling evolutionary done what they're calling evolutionary done what they're calling evolutionary chain of thought with mid-training and chain of thought with mid-training and chain of thought with mid-training and post- trainining which makes it a lot post- trainining which makes it a lot post- trainining which makes it a lot token efficient compared to some of the token efficient compared to some of the token efficient compared to some of the other offerings that we have seen. This other offerings that we have seen. This other offerings that we have seen. This is from a research group called is from a research group called is from a research group called inclusion AI who are part of ants group inclusion AI who are part of ants group inclusion AI who are part of ants group AGI initiative. Ant group is closely AGI initiative. Ant group is closely AGI initiative. Ant group is closely associated with Alibaba and Alibaba has associated with Alibaba and Alibaba has associated with Alibaba and Alibaba has their Quen series of models which are their Quen series of models which are their Quen series of models which are pretty incredible openweight model and pretty incredible openweight model and pretty incredible openweight model and now ant group through inclusion AI is now ant group through inclusion AI is now ant group through inclusion AI is also creating some really strong also creating some really strong also creating some really strong openweight models. The model weight are openweight models. The model weight are openweight models. The model weight are already available on hugging face and already available on hugging face and already available on hugging face and there are a couple of platforms where there are a couple of platforms where there are a couple of platforms where you can test it out. We're going to look you can test it out. We're going to look you can test it out. We're going to look at some of my own tests shortly. These at some of my own tests shortly. These at some of my own tests shortly. These benchmarks looks very interesting, but benchmarks looks very interesting, but benchmarks looks very interesting, but we're going to run some of my own tests. we're going to run some of my own tests. we're going to run some of my own tests. Before that, I want to look at some of Before that, I want to look at some of Before that, I want to look at some of the architectural details and some the architectural details and some the architectural details and some interesting things that they have done interesting things that they have done interesting things that they have done with this model. They recently published with this model. They recently published with this model. They recently published this paper towards greater leverage this paper towards greater leverage this paper towards greater leverage scaling laws of efficient mixture of scaling laws of efficient mixture of scaling laws of efficient mixture of expert language models. So here they expert language models. So here they expert language models. So here they showed that it's possible to scale these showed that it's possible to scale these showed that it's possible to scale these to large 1 trillion parameter models. to large 1 trillion parameter models. to large 1 trillion parameter models. Now in this case they're using about 20 Now in this case they're using about 20 Now in this case they're using about 20 trillion tokens of high quality high trillion tokens of high quality high trillion tokens of high quality high reasoning density. The reasoning comes reasoning density. The reasoning comes reasoning density. The reasoning comes from what they are calling evolutionary from what they are calling evolutionary from what they are calling evolutionary chain of thought. So these are the chain of thought. So these are the chain of thought. So these are the reasoning traces that were produced for reasoning traces that were produced for reasoning traces that were produced for training of this non-reasoning or training of this non-reasoning or training of this non-reasoning or non-cognitive non-cognitive non-cognitive model. The architecture looks very model. The architecture looks very model. The architecture looks very similar to DeepSeek in my opinion. similar to DeepSeek in my opinion. similar to DeepSeek in my opinion. although they don't use some of the although they don't use some of the although they don't use some of the techniques like MLA that were introduced techniques like MLA that were introduced techniques like MLA that were introduced by them. However, here's the most by them. However, here's the most by them. However, here's the most interesting bit. So, this was trained interesting bit. So, this was trained interesting bit. So, this was trained entirely in FP8 mixed precision training entirely in FP8 mixed precision training entirely in FP8 mixed precision training which according to them makes it the which according to them makes it the which according to them makes it the largest scale known foundation model largest scale known foundation model largest scale known foundation model trained with FP8. Now, DeepSeek R1 was trained with FP8. Now, DeepSeek R1 was trained with FP8. Now, DeepSeek R1 was also trained with FB8, but that's a also trained with FB8, but that's a also trained with FB8, but that's a relatively smaller model compared to relatively smaller model compared to relatively smaller model compared to Linget. Linget. Linget. So, I wanted to test some of the claims So, I wanted to test some of the claims So, I wanted to test some of the claims to see how good this model is at to see how good this model is at to see how good this model is at training. So, I put it to a number of training. So, I put it to a number of training. So, I put it to a number of different tests. I'm going to show you different tests. I'm going to show you different tests. I'm going to show you some of the results. Now, the model is some of the results. Now, the model is some of the results. Now, the model is available on Zenmucks. If you sign up, available on Zenmucks. If you sign up, available on Zenmucks. If you sign up, you get $5 worth of tokens or credits. you get $5 worth of tokens or credits. you get $5 worth of tokens or credits. They have a number of different models. They have a number of different models. They have a number of different models. The model that you want to select is The model that you want to select is The model that you want to select is inclusion AI link oneT inclusion AI link oneT inclusion AI link oneT and here you can see the token and here you can see the token and here you can see the token efficiency. Now one thing which I think efficiency. Now one thing which I think efficiency. Now one thing which I think that they could potentially improve is that they could potentially improve is that they could potentially improve is that currently the context window is that currently the context window is that currently the context window is limited to only 128,000 tokens. It can limited to only 128,000 tokens. It can limited to only 128,000 tokens. It can generate up to 32,000 tokens which is generate up to 32,000 tokens which is generate up to 32,000 tokens which is the max output. If you want to test the the max output. If you want to test the the max output. If you want to test the model just click on chat. Here is the model just click on chat. Here is the model just click on chat. Here is the model that you can select. The pricing model that you can select. The pricing model that you can select. The pricing is pretty reasonable even on this is pretty reasonable even on this is pretty reasonable even on this platform. I'm not affiliated with it at platform. I'm not affiliated with it at platform. I'm not affiliated with it at all, but let's test it out. Okay, so all, but let's test it out. Okay, so all, but let's test it out. Okay, so we're going to select that model. Now, we're going to select that model. Now, we're going to select that model. Now, I'm going to just zoom in. On this I'm going to just zoom in. On this I'm going to just zoom in. On this platform, when you select the model, it platform, when you select the model, it platform, when you select the model, it has all the details, which is pretty has all the details, which is pretty has all the details, which is pretty neat. Also, I think the pricing is neat. Also, I think the pricing is neat. Also, I think the pricing is pretty reasonable. So, let's start pretty reasonable. So, let's start pretty reasonable. So, let's start asking it a very simple question. Hey, asking it a very simple question. Hey, asking it a very simple question. Hey, can you tell me about yourself and who can you tell me about yourself and who can you tell me about yourself and who created you? Okay, this is a created you? Okay, this is a created you? Okay, this is a transcription app that I'm currently transcription app that I'm currently transcription app that I'm currently working on which is going to be working on which is going to be working on which is going to be available pretty soon. Okay, so let's available pretty soon. Okay, so let's available pretty soon. Okay, so let's send this in. So the model is called send this in. So the model is called send this in. So the model is called theta. You can see the token generation theta. You can see the token generation theta. You can see the token generation right now is pretty fast and I think right now is pretty fast and I think right now is pretty fast and I think being ane also contributes a lot to it. being ane also contributes a lot to it. being ane also contributes a lot to it. Okay, so here's the response. I am a Okay, so here's the response. I am a Okay, so here's the response. I am a large language model developed by ant large language model developed by ant large language model developed by ant group named bailing. I think that's group named bailing. I think that's group named bailing. I think that's probably the name of the ant group, probably the name of the ant group, probably the name of the ant group, right? And then it goes on to talk about right? And then it goes on to talk about right? And then it goes on to talk about itself. It says I don't have personal itself. It says I don't have personal itself. It says I don't have personal experiences or consciousness but I can experiences or consciousness but I can experiences or consciousness but I can draw from patterns in data and provide draw from patterns in data and provide draw from patterns in data and provide helpful accurate and context aware helpful accurate and context aware helpful accurate and context aware responses. And then it talks about ad responses. And then it talks about ad responses. And then it talks about ad group. It's actually interesting to see group. It's actually interesting to see group. It's actually interesting to see that it tries to explain billing. That's that it tries to explain billing. That's that it tries to explain billing. That's probably a Chinese word which reflects probably a Chinese word which reflects probably a Chinese word which reflects values like inclusivity, technological values like inclusivity, technological values like inclusivity, technological agility and precise intent agility and precise intent agility and precise intent understanding. Very interesting. So, let understanding. Very interesting. So, let understanding. Very interesting. So, let me show you some quick tests that I ran. me show you some quick tests that I ran. me show you some quick tests that I ran. So, here I asked it to create a 3D So, here I asked it to create a 3D So, here I asked it to create a 3D visualization of Los Angeles. The user visualization of Los Angeles. The user visualization of Los Angeles. The user should be able to pick a spot on the map should be able to pick a spot on the map should be able to pick a spot on the map and then it needs to have this fly over and then it needs to have this fly over and then it needs to have this fly over effect. And I wanted everything to be in effect. And I wanted everything to be in effect. And I wanted everything to be in the browser. Now, here's the V1. The map the browser. Now, here's the V1. The map the browser. Now, here's the V1. The map is working properly, but I don't really is working properly, but I don't really is working properly, but I don't really see different places that would be of see different places that would be of see different places that would be of interest to tourists. After a couple of interest to tourists. After a couple of interest to tourists. After a couple of iterations, here's what it came up with. iterations, here's what it came up with. iterations, here's what it came up with. It highlighted a few interesting places. It highlighted a few interesting places. It highlighted a few interesting places. So, for example, if you click on So, for example, if you click on So, for example, if you click on downtown LA skyline, it takes us there, downtown LA skyline, it takes us there, downtown LA skyline, it takes us there, right? Let's say if you click on right? Let's say if you click on right? Let's say if you click on Griffith Observatory, it zooms out, then Griffith Observatory, it zooms out, then Griffith Observatory, it zooms out, then zooms in on that place. Now, let's check zooms in on that place. Now, let's check zooms in on that place. Now, let's check out Venice Beach Boardwalk. Although, I out Venice Beach Boardwalk. Although, I out Venice Beach Boardwalk. Although, I think it got the location wrong. So, think it got the location wrong. So, think it got the location wrong. So, pretty neat for the first iteration. pretty neat for the first iteration. pretty neat for the first iteration. Next, I wanted to test its capabilities Next, I wanted to test its capabilities Next, I wanted to test its capabilities to create websites. So, here's a simple to create websites. So, here's a simple to create websites. So, here's a simple Pokemon encyclopedia it came up with, Pokemon encyclopedia it came up with, Pokemon encyclopedia it came up with, right? So, you can actually click on right? So, you can actually click on right? So, you can actually click on different cards. It shows you all the different cards. It shows you all the different cards. It shows you all the details. Also, I think it has the details. Also, I think it has the details. Also, I think it has the ability to filter out things, right? ability to filter out things, right? ability to filter out things, right? Pretty neat for a good coding model. Pretty neat for a good coding model. Pretty neat for a good coding model. Now, another test that I usually run is Now, another test that I usually run is Now, another test that I usually run is to see whether the model has been to see whether the model has been to see whether the model has been overfitted on some of these benchmarks overfitted on some of these benchmarks overfitted on some of these benchmarks or not that people run. So here's an or not that people run. So here's an or not that people run. So here's an example of spinning hexagon, but instead example of spinning hexagon, but instead example of spinning hexagon, but instead of hexagon, we have heptagon with 20 of hexagon, we have heptagon with 20 of hexagon, we have heptagon with 20 balls and very specific details. It came balls and very specific details. It came balls and very specific details. It came up with the initial iteration, but it up with the initial iteration, but it up with the initial iteration, but it wasn't really actually showing up wasn't really actually showing up wasn't really actually showing up anything. So my followup was that I anything. So my followup was that I anything. So my followup was that I don't really see anything. I just see a don't really see anything. I just see a don't really see anything. I just see a blank screen and then it fixed blank screen and then it fixed blank screen and then it fixed everything. So here's that version where everything. So here's that version where everything. So here's that version where it actually follows the instructions it actually follows the instructions it actually follows the instructions that I provided. And then we also added that I provided. And then we also added that I provided. And then we also added another version where you can restart another version where you can restart another version where you can restart the simulation if you want. You can the simulation if you want. You can the simulation if you want. You can control the rotation of the hap he h he h he h he h he h he h he h he h he h he haptagon which is pretty neat. Next I haptagon which is pretty neat. Next I haptagon which is pretty neat. Next I wanted to see it reasoning capabilities. wanted to see it reasoning capabilities. wanted to see it reasoning capabilities. So here is the prompt that I usually use So here is the prompt that I usually use So here is the prompt that I usually use with reasoning models but since this has with reasoning models but since this has with reasoning models but since this has the evolutionary chain of thought in its the evolutionary chain of thought in its the evolutionary chain of thought in its training. So I wanted to see what's training. So I wanted to see what's training. So I wanted to see what's going to happen. So this is the going to happen. So this is the going to happen. So this is the classical trolley problem but right now classical trolley problem but right now classical trolley problem but right now we have five dead people and there is we have five dead people and there is we have five dead people and there is one living person who is tied up. Okay. one living person who is tied up. Okay. one living person who is tied up. Okay. So it actually doesn't capture that the So it actually doesn't capture that the So it actually doesn't capture that the five people are already dead. It goes five people are already dead. It goes five people are already dead. It goes through the normal response you would through the normal response you would through the normal response you would see but at the end it does something see but at the end it does something see but at the end it does something interesting. So in the final answer it interesting. So in the final answer it interesting. So in the final answer it says yes I would pull the lever but I says yes I would pull the lever but I says yes I would pull the lever but I would do it with profound discomfort not would do it with profound discomfort not would do it with profound discomfort not because one life is worth less than five because one life is worth less than five because one life is worth less than five but because ethics forces us into tragic but because ethics forces us into tragic but because ethics forces us into tragic trade-offs where no option is clean. trade-offs where no option is clean. trade-offs where no option is clean. This dilemma reveals how our moral This dilemma reveals how our moral This dilemma reveals how our moral framework fractures under impossible framework fractures under impossible framework fractures under impossible scenarios. This is really profound. I scenarios. This is really profound. I scenarios. This is really profound. I don't think I have seen anything like don't think I have seen anything like don't think I have seen anything like this from a large language model. Now, this from a large language model. Now, this from a large language model. Now, for some of my other misguided attention for some of my other misguided attention for some of my other misguided attention tests, it has very similar failure cases tests, it has very similar failure cases tests, it has very similar failure cases to the other models. For example, here's to the other models. For example, here's to the other models. For example, here's a variation of wolf, goat, and cabbage a variation of wolf, goat, and cabbage a variation of wolf, goat, and cabbage problem. I only want to take the goat to problem. I only want to take the goat to problem. I only want to take the goat to the other side. But if you look, here's the other side. But if you look, here's the other side. But if you look, here's how it starts. So first we need to take how it starts. So first we need to take how it starts. So first we need to take the good across which is the only step the good across which is the only step the good across which is the only step that we need but then it tries to follow that we need but then it tries to follow that we need but then it tries to follow all the other steps which are completely all the other steps which are completely all the other steps which are completely unnecessary. unnecessary. unnecessary. However, I have seen most of the large However, I have seen most of the large However, I have seen most of the large reasoning models also fail at this reasoning models also fail at this reasoning models also fail at this specific test. Anyways, it's a very specific test. Anyways, it's a very specific test. Anyways, it's a very interesting model especially with the interesting model especially with the interesting model especially with the scaling to a trillion parameters in 8 scaling to a trillion parameters in 8 scaling to a trillion parameters in 8 bit floatingoint precision. If you're bit floatingoint precision. If you're bit floatingoint precision. If you're interested, I'm going to put a link to interested, I'm going to put a link to interested, I'm going to put a link to the platform where you can test it out. the platform where you can test it out. the platform where you can test it out. But I'll highly recommend to do it But I'll highly recommend to do it But I'll highly recommend to do it because it's a very interesting model to because it's a very interesting model to because it's a very interesting model to talk to. Anyways, I hope you found this talk to. Anyways, I hope you found this talk to. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as video useful. Thanks for watching and as video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
