Title: Master Vibe Coding in 22 Minutes – Lee Robinson
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

And this is like the core editor And this is like the core editor And this is like the core editor experience. But then in the CLI we also experience. But then in the CLI we also experience. But then in the CLI we also have um cursor agent which is the same have um cursor agent which is the same have um cursor agent which is the same idea but you could use it anywhere idea but you could use it anywhere idea but you could use it anywhere really. You could use this in a really. You could use this in a really. You could use this in a different editor. You could use it in different editor. You could use it in different editor. You could use it in your CI uh anywhere you want. So I'll your CI uh anywhere you want. So I'll your CI uh anywhere you want. So I'll run this just so you can get a idea of run this just so you can get a idea of run this just so you can get a idea of what this looks like but it's very what this looks like but it's very what this looks like but it's very similar idea. It's just a different similar idea. It's just a different similar idea. It's just a different interface for the same agentic idea of interface for the same agentic idea of interface for the same agentic idea of working with an AI model. This is Lee working with an AI model. This is Lee working with an AI model. This is Lee Robinson, a legendary developer who Robinson, a legendary developer who Robinson, a legendary developer who scaled Versel from one to $200 million scaled Versel from one to $200 million scaled Versel from one to $200 million ARR and now he works at Cursor as the ARR and now he works at Cursor as the ARR and now he works at Cursor as the head of AI education. If you are serious head of AI education. If you are serious head of AI education. If you are serious about coding with AI, you have to watch about coding with AI, you have to watch about coding with AI, you have to watch this video. Who do you think is going to this video. Who do you think is going to this video. Who do you think is going to benefit from AI the most? Is it the benefit from AI the most? Is it the benefit from AI the most? Is it the junior developers or the senior guys? junior developers or the senior guys? junior developers or the senior guys? &gt;&gt; So I think today the more senior &gt;&gt; So I think today the more senior &gt;&gt; So I think today the more senior engineer benefits a bit more. But I engineer benefits a bit more. But I engineer benefits a bit more. But I think towards the future it will empower think towards the future it will empower think towards the future it will empower people who start learning to code with people who start learning to code with people who start learning to code with AI. they're going to just develop skills AI. they're going to just develop skills AI. they're going to just develop skills in a different way than maybe the more in a different way than maybe the more in a different way than maybe the more senior engineer. senior engineer. senior engineer. &gt;&gt; So, what's like one thing you notice &gt;&gt; So, what's like one thing you notice &gt;&gt; So, what's like one thing you notice among the top users of AI that can use among the top users of AI that can use among the top users of AI that can use it the most efficiently that maybe it the most efficiently that maybe it the most efficiently that maybe beginners or like a lot of vibe coders beginners or like a lot of vibe coders beginners or like a lot of vibe coders don't do? don't do? don't do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's kind of a spectrum of &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's kind of a spectrum of &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's kind of a spectrum of different AI tools that you can use for different AI tools that you can use for different AI tools that you can use for coding. It really goes to how much coding. It really goes to how much coding. It really goes to how much autonomy you want to give the AI tool or autonomy you want to give the AI tool or autonomy you want to give the AI tool or the AI agent. So, in the most basic the AI agent. So, in the most basic the AI agent. So, in the most basic example, it's just predicting the next example, it's just predicting the next example, it's just predicting the next action that you want to take in the action that you want to take in the action that you want to take in the editor. So, GitHub Copilot, you know, editor. So, GitHub Copilot, you know, editor. So, GitHub Copilot, you know, made this popular. Basically, made this popular. Basically, made this popular. Basically, autocomplete for your code, right? But autocomplete for your code, right? But autocomplete for your code, right? But it's gotten better over the years. So, I it's gotten better over the years. So, I it's gotten better over the years. So, I think the people who are farther along think the people who are farther along think the people who are farther along on that journey are kind of in the AI on that journey are kind of in the AI on that journey are kind of in the AI agent world and they're trying to figure agent world and they're trying to figure agent world and they're trying to figure out the right way to put the right rules out the right way to put the right rules out the right way to put the right rules and checks in place so that the agent and checks in place so that the agent and checks in place so that the agent can write code and it's not just can write code and it's not just can write code and it's not just immediately throwaway code or not immediately throwaway code or not immediately throwaway code or not actually useful. like you have to figure actually useful. like you have to figure actually useful. like you have to figure out how to constrain this generator of out how to constrain this generator of out how to constrain this generator of code that will spit out things that code that will spit out things that code that will spit out things that might look correct but are not actually might look correct but are not actually might look correct but are not actually correct. correct. correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One one example that I've done &gt;&gt; Yeah. One one example that I've done &gt;&gt; Yeah. One one example that I've done recently is like writing front-end recently is like writing front-end recently is like writing front-end tests. Really making sure the first tests. Really making sure the first tests. Really making sure the first three of them are well documented. I three of them are well documented. I three of them are well documented. I think this is what I noticed is like the think this is what I noticed is like the think this is what I noticed is like the best users of AI put in more time up best users of AI put in more time up best users of AI put in more time up front and then can just go way faster. front and then can just go way faster. front and then can just go way faster. Whereas a lot of the beginners, they Whereas a lot of the beginners, they Whereas a lot of the beginners, they just want a quick MVP, quick website and just want a quick MVP, quick website and just want a quick MVP, quick website and then they maybe go in a direction that then they maybe go in a direction that then they maybe go in a direction that they didn't want to go in. they didn't want to go in. they didn't want to go in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also I think in putting more &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also I think in putting more &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also I think in putting more time up front there's also an time up front there's also an time up front there's also an understanding of what do I want to even understanding of what do I want to even understanding of what do I want to even build and having more specificity and build and having more specificity and build and having more specificity and it's not that you have to write you know it's not that you have to write you know it's not that you have to write you know a book on a prompt but you need to know a book on a prompt but you need to know a book on a prompt but you need to know the specifics of the system that you're the specifics of the system that you're the specifics of the system that you're building and what you'll notice from building and what you'll notice from building and what you'll notice from more experienced engineers is they can more experienced engineers is they can more experienced engineers is they can give very precise language on the thing give very precise language on the thing give very precise language on the thing that they're trying to build that's that they're trying to build that's that they're trying to build that's going to be able to steer the AI in the going to be able to steer the AI in the going to be able to steer the AI in the right direction. right direction. right direction. &gt;&gt; It really comes down to software design &gt;&gt; It really comes down to software design &gt;&gt; It really comes down to software design at the end of the day. If I'm like going at the end of the day. If I'm like going at the end of the day. If I'm like going to add a big feature with AI, I don't to add a big feature with AI, I don't to add a big feature with AI, I don't even want to look at the code until I even want to look at the code until I even want to look at the code until I have complete understanding, right? And have complete understanding, right? And have complete understanding, right? And I think that that's literally the like I think that that's literally the like I think that that's literally the like staying in charge. That's the main staying in charge. That's the main staying in charge. That's the main thing. thing. thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's no substitute for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's no substitute for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's no substitute for the business requirements or like the business requirements or like the business requirements or like the product spec because product spec because product spec because &gt;&gt; the AI will happily generate whatever &gt;&gt; the AI will happily generate whatever &gt;&gt; the AI will happily generate whatever code it wants given a vague PRD or a code it wants given a vague PRD or a code it wants given a vague PRD or a vague document that's trying to describe vague document that's trying to describe vague document that's trying to describe what you're what you want to build. As what you're what you want to build. As what you're what you want to build. As we go into the age of AI coding, what do we go into the age of AI coding, what do we go into the age of AI coding, what do you think is going to be like the most you think is going to be like the most you think is going to be like the most important skill to learn and master? important skill to learn and master? important skill to learn and master? &gt;&gt; Just trying to use the tools and I think &gt;&gt; Just trying to use the tools and I think &gt;&gt; Just trying to use the tools and I think critically learning where they're not critically learning where they're not critically learning where they're not very good. As the models get better, as very good. As the models get better, as very good. As the models get better, as the tools get better, you're kind of the tools get better, you're kind of the tools get better, you're kind of trying to push up against where the trying to push up against where the trying to push up against where the models are bad. Have a very good models are bad. Have a very good models are bad. Have a very good understanding of where the current understanding of where the current understanding of where the current capabilities aren't good enough yet, capabilities aren't good enough yet, capabilities aren't good enough yet, such that when new functionality comes such that when new functionality comes such that when new functionality comes out, you kind of know, okay, I can go out, you kind of know, okay, I can go out, you kind of know, okay, I can go try this thing now. Yeah, it really is try this thing now. Yeah, it really is try this thing now. Yeah, it really is like developing that taste of when to like developing that taste of when to like developing that taste of when to use the model, when to not use the use the model, when to not use the use the model, when to not use the model. You know, people, especially like model. You know, people, especially like model. You know, people, especially like the CEOs of the AI labs, they like to the CEOs of the AI labs, they like to the CEOs of the AI labs, they like to hype everything up like you know, within hype everything up like you know, within hype everything up like you know, within 6 months 90% of the code or all the code 6 months 90% of the code or all the code 6 months 90% of the code or all the code is going to be written by AI. But the is going to be written by AI. But the is going to be written by AI. But the reality is probably somewhere in the reality is probably somewhere in the reality is probably somewhere in the middle, right? middle, right? middle, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like both sides are somewhat &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like both sides are somewhat &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like both sides are somewhat right and both sides are somewhat wrong. right and both sides are somewhat wrong. right and both sides are somewhat wrong. Yes, AI is another tool in the tool belt Yes, AI is another tool in the tool belt Yes, AI is another tool in the tool belt that we will continue to use and get that we will continue to use and get that we will continue to use and get better at to help us write code better better at to help us write code better better at to help us write code better and design software better. But I think and design software better. But I think and design software better. But I think this dream or this idea that somehow this dream or this idea that somehow this dream or this idea that somehow it's just going to write all the code is it's just going to write all the code is it's just going to write all the code is is not very realistic. is not very realistic. is not very realistic. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. Why do you think the CLI &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. Why do you think the CLI &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. Why do you think the CLI tools are becoming so popular? I think tools are becoming so popular? I think tools are becoming so popular? I think this is one of the most unexpected this is one of the most unexpected this is one of the most unexpected trends of this year. It's almost trends of this year. It's almost trends of this year. It's almost counterintuitive, right? Like the more counterintuitive, right? Like the more counterintuitive, right? Like the more minimalistic the interface. You would minimalistic the interface. You would minimalistic the interface. You would think that it would be some fancy UI think that it would be some fancy UI think that it would be some fancy UI that's becoming the way to use AI that's becoming the way to use AI that's becoming the way to use AI agents, but it turns out it's the agents, but it turns out it's the agents, but it turns out it's the terminal. terminal. terminal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the reason for this is that &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the reason for this is that &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the reason for this is that there's a different level of autonomy there's a different level of autonomy there's a different level of autonomy that you want when working with the AI that you want when working with the AI that you want when working with the AI model. And for some people, they prefer model. And for some people, they prefer model. And for some people, they prefer to write most of the code still and they to write most of the code still and they to write most of the code still and they like having the kind of autocomplete like having the kind of autocomplete like having the kind of autocomplete like cursor tab where it's going to help like cursor tab where it's going to help like cursor tab where it's going to help them predict the next action as they're them predict the next action as they're them predict the next action as they're coding kind of staying in the flow. And coding kind of staying in the flow. And coding kind of staying in the flow. And for those people, they are kind of happy for those people, they are kind of happy for those people, they are kind of happy with editors that are like cursor or IDs with editors that are like cursor or IDs with editors that are like cursor or IDs like cursor or maybe bringing that like cursor or maybe bringing that like cursor or maybe bringing that experience somewhere else. Then as you experience somewhere else. Then as you experience somewhere else. Then as you kind of move up the abstraction and you kind of move up the abstraction and you kind of move up the abstraction and you allow people to use models with agents allow people to use models with agents allow people to use models with agents to write a lot more code, the interface to write a lot more code, the interface to write a lot more code, the interface for what that looks like is still kind for what that looks like is still kind for what that looks like is still kind of being figured out. The best way of of being figured out. The best way of of being figured out. The best way of doing that. And the nice thing about a doing that. And the nice thing about a doing that. And the nice thing about a CLI and the reason why we invested in CLI and the reason why we invested in CLI and the reason why we invested in building a CLI is that it allows them to building a CLI is that it allows them to building a CLI is that it allows them to use the cursor agent that when they want use the cursor agent that when they want use the cursor agent that when they want that part of coding with AI in really that part of coding with AI in really that part of coding with AI in really any of those editors. And an underrated any of those editors. And an underrated any of those editors. And an underrated one is that it can be used in your CI or one is that it can be used in your CI or one is that it can be used in your CI or it can be used on a server. It can just it can be used on a server. It can just it can be used on a server. It can just be used anywhere really. And that's one be used anywhere really. And that's one be used anywhere really. And that's one of the nice things about taking the of the nice things about taking the of the nice things about taking the brain of the cursor agent and just brain of the cursor agent and just brain of the cursor agent and just making it available on any UI surface. making it available on any UI surface. making it available on any UI surface. &gt;&gt; Yes. So I guess it's easier for people &gt;&gt; Yes. So I guess it's easier for people &gt;&gt; Yes. So I guess it's easier for people who have their workflow to adapt it who have their workflow to adapt it who have their workflow to adapt it rather than switching to, you know, a rather than switching to, you know, a rather than switching to, you know, a different software. Makes sense. All different software. Makes sense. All different software. Makes sense. All right. So can we jump into cursor and right. So can we jump into cursor and right. So can we jump into cursor and can you show us something that you can you show us something that you can you show us something that you yourself like to do? I'll just do like a yourself like to do? I'll just do like a yourself like to do? I'll just do like a lightning round of some of the features lightning round of some of the features lightning round of some of the features inside of cursor for people who are inside of cursor for people who are inside of cursor for people who are maybe newer to the product or are kind maybe newer to the product or are kind maybe newer to the product or are kind of newer to AI coding in general. Uh and of newer to AI coding in general. Uh and of newer to AI coding in general. Uh and then al also sprinkle in some things for then al also sprinkle in some things for then al also sprinkle in some things for those who have kind of been around for a those who have kind of been around for a those who have kind of been around for a while. So I've got a just a blank cursor while. So I've got a just a blank cursor while. So I've got a just a blank cursor window open here and I'm just going to window open here and I'm just going to window open here and I'm just going to start a new project for this example. I start a new project for this example. I start a new project for this example. I think there's pros and cons of both. The think there's pros and cons of both. The think there's pros and cons of both. The new project is a little bit easier to new project is a little bit easier to new project is a little bit easier to show in this time frame, but I'd say show in this time frame, but I'd say show in this time frame, but I'd say most of the time you're also kind of most of the time you're also kind of most of the time you're also kind of making changes to an existing codebase. making changes to an existing codebase. making changes to an existing codebase. The reason I wanted to show this is The reason I wanted to show this is The reason I wanted to show this is because one project that I like bun, because one project that I like bun, because one project that I like bun, which is, you know, runtime, package which is, you know, runtime, package which is, you know, runtime, package manager, a whole bunch of stuff. Uh, manager, a whole bunch of stuff. Uh, manager, a whole bunch of stuff. Uh, they have this bun init command where they have this bun init command where they have this bun init command where you can go pick whatever you want. And you can go pick whatever you want. And you can go pick whatever you want. And we can see it's going to make a bunch of we can see it's going to make a bunch of we can see it's going to make a bunch of stuff here. Great. Actually, let me make stuff here. Great. Actually, let me make stuff here. Great. Actually, let me make a new directory. Now, I'm going to pick a new directory. Now, I'm going to pick a new directory. Now, I'm going to pick React. We'll use that. Sure. Great. So, React. We'll use that. Sure. Great. So, React. We'll use that. Sure. Great. So, we can see kind of what we have inside we can see kind of what we have inside we can see kind of what we have inside of here. That looks awesome. Now, you of here. That looks awesome. Now, you of here. That looks awesome. Now, you notice it made a dot cursor, which is notice it made a dot cursor, which is notice it made a dot cursor, which is very interesting. Let's actually open very interesting. Let's actually open very interesting. Let's actually open this up. Okay. So, now you know how I this up. Okay. So, now you know how I this up. Okay. So, now you know how I mentioned there's kind of the different mentioned there's kind of the different mentioned there's kind of the different levels of uh autonomy you want to give. levels of uh autonomy you want to give. levels of uh autonomy you want to give. Like the agents on the right, that's Like the agents on the right, that's Like the agents on the right, that's going to allow it to write, you know, going to allow it to write, you know, going to allow it to write, you know, the most amount of code. We're just the most amount of code. We're just the most amount of code. We're just going to close that for a minute. Um, going to close that for a minute. Um, going to close that for a minute. Um, and I want to show one thing I like from and I want to show one thing I like from and I want to show one thing I like from Bunanit, which is that it automatically Bunanit, which is that it automatically Bunanit, which is that it automatically kind of sets up your editor to know kind of sets up your editor to know kind of sets up your editor to know about the tool. So it says hey you know about the tool. So it says hey you know about the tool. So it says hey you know here are some of the things that bun here are some of the things that bun here are some of the things that bun provides some of the APIs it provides provides some of the APIs it provides provides some of the APIs it provides specific code examples of things that specific code examples of things that specific code examples of things that you can do and there's a really you can do and there's a really you can do and there's a really interesting one way down at the bottom interesting one way down at the bottom interesting one way down at the bottom it actually ships the API docs in the it actually ships the API docs in the it actually ships the API docs in the node modules which I find really really node modules which I find really really node modules which I find really really interesting. So I think there's going to interesting. So I think there's going to interesting. So I think there's going to be a trend where we see more packages, be a trend where we see more packages, be a trend where we see more packages, more libraries, more tools include more libraries, more tools include more libraries, more tools include specific rules, specific rules, specific rules, you know, bundled in the the tooling you know, bundled in the the tooling you know, bundled in the the tooling that sets them up. And then also I think that sets them up. And then also I think that sets them up. And then also I think the industry is starting to move towards the industry is starting to move towards the industry is starting to move towards a standardization uh for an agents.md. a standardization uh for an agents.md. a standardization uh for an agents.md. So cursing now supports this as well if So cursing now supports this as well if So cursing now supports this as well if you don't want to do cursor specific you don't want to do cursor specific you don't want to do cursor specific rules so that it will work really with rules so that it will work really with rules so that it will work really with any AI coding tool that you want to use. any AI coding tool that you want to use. any AI coding tool that you want to use. Yeah, I think like in general there will Yeah, I think like in general there will Yeah, I think like in general there will be a trend of building code bases for be a trend of building code bases for be a trend of building code bases for agents like you know whether it's cloud agents like you know whether it's cloud agents like you know whether it's cloud MD whether it's cursor MDC files whether MD whether it's cursor MDC files whether MD whether it's cursor MDC files whether it's agent.m MD I think it will probably it's agent.m MD I think it will probably it's agent.m MD I think it will probably standardize itself right but it's going standardize itself right but it's going standardize itself right but it's going to be like every folder is going to have to be like every folder is going to have to be like every folder is going to have a markdown file probably that is a markdown file probably that is a markdown file probably that is instructions of what's in that folder instructions of what's in that folder instructions of what's in that folder how to use it when when to interact with how to use it when when to interact with how to use it when when to interact with it specifically for AI agents but also it specifically for AI agents but also it specifically for AI agents but also it will serve as an internal it will serve as an internal it will serve as an internal documentation for new human developers documentation for new human developers documentation for new human developers &gt;&gt; yep 100% and I I think um going back to &gt;&gt; yep 100% and I I think um going back to &gt;&gt; yep 100% and I I think um going back to my kind of autonomy thing, if you my kind of autonomy thing, if you my kind of autonomy thing, if you haven't seen cursor tab before, I might haven't seen cursor tab before, I might haven't seen cursor tab before, I might do something like function and it's do something like function and it's do something like function and it's giving me the ghost text to complete. If giving me the ghost text to complete. If giving me the ghost text to complete. If you've used co-pilot before, you've seen you've used co-pilot before, you've seen you've used co-pilot before, you've seen this before. But another cool thing here this before. But another cool thing here this before. But another cool thing here um is I don't know, let's say um is I don't know, let's say um is I don't know, let's say &gt;&gt; I wanted to do yeah something like this &gt;&gt; I wanted to do yeah something like this &gt;&gt; I wanted to do yeah something like this where I'm doing a counter. Now you see I where I'm doing a counter. Now you see I where I'm doing a counter. Now you see I get this suggestion to do an import and get this suggestion to do an import and get this suggestion to do an import and it can tab to include the imports which it can tab to include the imports which it can tab to include the imports which is a really nice feature. I'm a big fan is a really nice feature. I'm a big fan is a really nice feature. I'm a big fan of that. So that's like the most basic of that. So that's like the most basic of that. So that's like the most basic example where example where example where &gt;&gt; yeah everyone should use this like &gt;&gt; yeah everyone should use this like &gt;&gt; yeah everyone should use this like &gt;&gt; yeah it's like it's a no-brainer like &gt;&gt; yeah it's like it's a no-brainer like &gt;&gt; yeah it's like it's a no-brainer like that's going to save you a ton of time. that's going to save you a ton of time. that's going to save you a ton of time. Another one that I think maybe some Another one that I think maybe some Another one that I think maybe some people not everybody uses but if you go people not everybody uses but if you go people not everybody uses but if you go highlight some code you can also command highlight some code you can also command highlight some code you can also command K and now you're editing just this K and now you're editing just this K and now you're editing just this specific block. So maybe I want use uh specific block. So maybe I want use uh specific block. So maybe I want use uh you know use a picture element instead. you know use a picture element instead. you know use a picture element instead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like command K is fallen a &gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like command K is fallen a &gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like command K is fallen a bit in the background. Don't you think? bit in the background. Don't you think? bit in the background. Don't you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Command K. I think a lot of people &gt;&gt; Yeah. Command K. I think a lot of people &gt;&gt; Yeah. Command K. I think a lot of people still really like it. I think there's still really like it. I think there's still really like it. I think there's kind of a a preference of do I want to kind of a a preference of do I want to kind of a a preference of do I want to be kind of in the flow of this file be kind of in the flow of this file be kind of in the flow of this file writing code and I just want to make writing code and I just want to make writing code and I just want to make these very surgical like single changes these very surgical like single changes these very surgical like single changes or do I want to give the the agent the or do I want to give the the agent the or do I want to give the the agent the ability to do whatever it wants. So this ability to do whatever it wants. So this ability to do whatever it wants. So this is like the way I describe it is the two is like the way I describe it is the two is like the way I describe it is the two things I just showed. So doing things I just showed. So doing things I just showed. So doing autocomplete with cursor tab doing autocomplete with cursor tab doing autocomplete with cursor tab doing things with command K. This is like I'm things with command K. This is like I'm things with command K. This is like I'm not using AI today and I'm wanting to not using AI today and I'm wanting to not using AI today and I'm wanting to get into it. Yes, get into it. Yes, get into it. Yes, &gt;&gt; these are the most like basic practical &gt;&gt; these are the most like basic practical &gt;&gt; these are the most like basic practical ways for you to do it where the the ways for you to do it where the the ways for you to do it where the the value ad is very high. When you start to value ad is very high. When you start to value ad is very high. When you start to then go and you open up the agent view, then go and you open up the agent view, then go and you open up the agent view, we've now kind of opened up this new we've now kind of opened up this new we've now kind of opened up this new portal of complexity that has a lot of portal of complexity that has a lot of portal of complexity that has a lot of uh additional challenges with it. So, uh additional challenges with it. So, uh additional challenges with it. So, for example, we might say um I'm making for example, we might say um I'm making for example, we might say um I'm making a personal finance app to track my a personal finance app to track my a personal finance app to track my spending. spending. spending. Let's add a table to view this data. Let's add a table to view this data. Let's add a table to view this data. Sure. Now, already there's just a lot of Sure. Now, already there's just a lot of Sure. Now, already there's just a lot of stuff in here that if this is your first stuff in here that if this is your first stuff in here that if this is your first time kind of looking at the tool, you're time kind of looking at the tool, you're time kind of looking at the tool, you're trying to figure out how all these trying to figure out how all these trying to figure out how all these things work. There's the agent mode, so things work. There's the agent mode, so things work. There's the agent mode, so it can go write code for you. There's it can go write code for you. There's it can go write code for you. There's the model selection, which there's a lot the model selection, which there's a lot the model selection, which there's a lot of different models in here. Uh maybe of different models in here. Uh maybe of different models in here. Uh maybe I'll just do auto for the sake of this, I'll just do auto for the sake of this, I'll just do auto for the sake of this, but you can pick specific models if you but you can pick specific models if you but you can pick specific models if you would like. You can attach images. would like. You can attach images. would like. You can attach images. Great. So now you're kind of setting an Great. So now you're kind of setting an Great. So now you're kind of setting an AI model off to go do a bunch of stuff AI model off to go do a bunch of stuff AI model off to go do a bunch of stuff and you're seeing it just have all this and you're seeing it just have all this and you're seeing it just have all this output where it's reading files, it's output where it's reading files, it's output where it's reading files, it's listing files, it's going and making new listing files, it's going and making new listing files, it's going and making new changes. And this is where I think those changes. And this is where I think those changes. And this is where I think those who are kind of newer to coding with AI, who are kind of newer to coding with AI, who are kind of newer to coding with AI, it can feel really great at first, but it can feel really great at first, but it can feel really great at first, but this is also where there's kind of some this is also where there's kind of some this is also where there's kind of some core concepts on here that you need to core concepts on here that you need to core concepts on here that you need to understand to be successful. The first understand to be successful. The first understand to be successful. The first is that this entire chat, this entire is that this entire chat, this entire is that this entire chat, this entire conversation is part of one context conversation is part of one context conversation is part of one context window or one conversation. So, as I'm window or one conversation. So, as I'm window or one conversation. So, as I'm asking more questions, as I'm building asking more questions, as I'm building asking more questions, as I'm building more, you're going to see at the end of more, you're going to see at the end of more, you're going to see at the end of the generation, there's going to be a the generation, there's going to be a the generation, there's going to be a little progress bar. And as that little progress bar. And as that little progress bar. And as that progress bar gets higher to 100%. progress bar gets higher to 100%. progress bar gets higher to 100%. Usually, and there's some early research Usually, and there's some early research Usually, and there's some early research showing the the quality of the model showing the the quality of the model showing the the quality of the model response usually goes down as you get up response usually goes down as you get up response usually goes down as you get up to the top of that context. context. to the top of that context. context. to the top of that context. context. &gt;&gt; Now the the you know the the next &gt;&gt; Now the the you know the the next &gt;&gt; Now the the you know the the next question might be okay well then I just question might be okay well then I just question might be okay well then I just need to use a context window that's you need to use a context window that's you need to use a context window that's you know a million tokens or 10 million know a million tokens or 10 million know a million tokens or 10 million tokens if that existed. And the answer tokens if that existed. And the answer tokens if that existed. And the answer is kind of more tricky than that. It is kind of more tricky than that. It is kind of more tricky than that. It doesn't actually just uh magically make doesn't actually just uh magically make doesn't actually just uh magically make things better to have a 2 million or 10 things better to have a 2 million or 10 things better to have a 2 million or 10 million uh you know token context million uh you know token context million uh you know token context window. Instead you really want to be window. Instead you really want to be window. Instead you really want to be precise about the changes that you're precise about the changes that you're precise about the changes that you're making. So just this one change where we making. So just this one change where we making. So just this one change where we said okay we want to make this table it said okay we want to make this table it said okay we want to make this table it used some tool calls. So it's like used some tool calls. So it's like used some tool calls. So it's like calling a function in you know a calling a function in you know a calling a function in you know a programming language it calls some programming language it calls some programming language it calls some function it gets some information back function it gets some information back function it gets some information back we read some files we uh made some code we read some files we uh made some code we read some files we uh made some code changes we applied those code changes uh changes we applied those code changes uh changes we applied those code changes uh and we can go review the changes. and we can go review the changes. and we can go review the changes. &gt;&gt; So let me just make this a little &gt;&gt; So let me just make this a little &gt;&gt; So let me just make this a little smaller and we can kind of step through smaller and we can kind of step through smaller and we can kind of step through with this um kind of picker down at the with this um kind of picker down at the with this um kind of picker down at the bottom here and go through each of the bottom here and go through each of the bottom here and go through each of the individual changes. There's also changes individual changes. There's also changes individual changes. There's also changes in three different files. So we have in three different files. So we have in three different files. So we have this table component. Um we have the this table component. Um we have the this table component. Um we have the spending tracker and then we have the spending tracker and then we have the spending tracker and then we have the actual changes inside of the app. Now if actual changes inside of the app. Now if actual changes inside of the app. Now if all these look good, I can just hit all these look good, I can just hit all these look good, I can just hit keep. So this is kind of the flow. Keep. keep. So this is kind of the flow. Keep. keep. So this is kind of the flow. Keep. Great. Awesome. I'll keep all of these. Great. Awesome. I'll keep all of these. Great. Awesome. I'll keep all of these. And we used uh about 11% here of the And we used uh about 11% here of the And we used uh about 11% here of the context window on auto. Now the thing context window on auto. Now the thing context window on auto. Now the thing that I see a lot of people do that I see a lot of people do that I see a lot of people do incorrectly is then they just keep incorrectly is then they just keep incorrectly is then they just keep going. You know, there's like okay like going. You know, there's like okay like going. You know, there's like okay like it's already got all this context. I'm it's already got all this context. I'm it's already got all this context. I'm just going to keep like make another just going to keep like make another just going to keep like make another feature. Uh and that can be problematic feature. Uh and that can be problematic feature. Uh and that can be problematic because even you might think, okay, because even you might think, okay, because even you might think, okay, there's some information in this context there's some information in this context there's some information in this context I want to continue along in the next I want to continue along in the next I want to continue along in the next conversation. But uh it's kind of conversation. But uh it's kind of conversation. But uh it's kind of counterintuitive, but there can be counterintuitive, but there can be counterintuitive, but there can be little bits of information in there that little bits of information in there that little bits of information in there that accidentally steer the model in the accidentally steer the model in the accidentally steer the model in the wrong direction. So maybe in one wrong direction. So maybe in one wrong direction. So maybe in one conversation you mentioned something conversation you mentioned something conversation you mentioned something about using git and making commits and about using git and making commits and about using git and making commits and then if you keep going, you notice that then if you keep going, you notice that then if you keep going, you notice that the model just keeps making commits all the model just keeps making commits all the model just keeps making commits all the time. And that's not necessarily a the time. And that's not necessarily a the time. And that's not necessarily a bad thing, but you kind of planted that bad thing, but you kind of planted that bad thing, but you kind of planted that seed in the model's brain and it's using seed in the model's brain and it's using seed in the model's brain and it's using it every single time now. So maybe what it every single time now. So maybe what it every single time now. So maybe what I would actually want is to, you know, I would actually want is to, you know, I would actually want is to, you know, commandn or start a new chat and commandn or start a new chat and commandn or start a new chat and actually do something discreet and actually do something discreet and actually do something discreet and specific for this one um, you know, this specific for this one um, you know, this specific for this one um, you know, this one feature I want to add. And there's a one feature I want to add. And there's a one feature I want to add. And there's a whole skill of managing the information whole skill of managing the information whole skill of managing the information that you give to the agent so that it that you give to the agent so that it that you give to the agent so that it has just the right amount of stuff. Like has just the right amount of stuff. Like has just the right amount of stuff. Like I mentioned, like too much stuff is I mentioned, like too much stuff is I mentioned, like too much stuff is going to throw it off. But then also, if going to throw it off. But then also, if going to throw it off. But then also, if I just say like make it better. I just say like make it better. I just say like make it better. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's not enough information. I need to &gt;&gt; that's not enough information. I need to &gt;&gt; that's not enough information. I need to give it some rules, which this is what give it some rules, which this is what give it some rules, which this is what this is showing. There's a rule this is showing. There's a rule this is showing. There's a rule included. And then it already knows I included. And then it already knows I included. And then it already knows I have this code open in this tab, so it have this code open in this tab, so it have this code open in this tab, so it can include that. But I can also use the can include that. But I can also use the can include that. But I can also use the at and include a bunch of different at and include a bunch of different at and include a bunch of different information. One of the underrated ones information. One of the underrated ones information. One of the underrated ones I like is branch. So if you've been I like is branch. So if you've been I like is branch. So if you've been working uh on changes for a while, you working uh on changes for a while, you working uh on changes for a while, you can say like review all the changes in can say like review all the changes in can say like review all the changes in my branch and it can kind of understand my branch and it can kind of understand my branch and it can kind of understand the context of all the changes so far. the context of all the changes so far. the context of all the changes so far. &gt;&gt; So like before making a PR just to like &gt;&gt; So like before making a PR just to like &gt;&gt; So like before making a PR just to like clean it up, making sure everything is clean it up, making sure everything is clean it up, making sure everything is good before you send it to like a good before you send it to like a good before you send it to like a &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. So we could go in here &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. So we could go in here &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. So we could go in here and we could go make more changes, but I and we could go make more changes, but I and we could go make more changes, but I think that's the the general idea of you think that's the the general idea of you think that's the the general idea of you can do autocomplete, you can do inline can do autocomplete, you can do inline can do autocomplete, you can do inline changes, you can use the agent to make changes, you can use the agent to make changes, you can use the agent to make more bits of code. And this is like the more bits of code. And this is like the more bits of code. And this is like the core editor experience. But then in the core editor experience. But then in the core editor experience. But then in the CLI we also have um cursor agent which CLI we also have um cursor agent which CLI we also have um cursor agent which is the same idea but you could use it is the same idea but you could use it is the same idea but you could use it anywhere really. You could use this in a anywhere really. You could use this in a anywhere really. You could use this in a different editor. You could use it in different editor. You could use it in different editor. You could use it in your CI uh anywhere you want. Um explain your CI uh anywhere you want. Um explain your CI uh anywhere you want. Um explain this repo. this repo. this repo. &gt;&gt; So I'll run this just so you can get a &gt;&gt; So I'll run this just so you can get a &gt;&gt; So I'll run this just so you can get a idea of what this looks like but it's idea of what this looks like but it's idea of what this looks like but it's very similar idea. It's just a different very similar idea. It's just a different very similar idea. It's just a different interface for the same agentic idea of interface for the same agentic idea of interface for the same agentic idea of working with an AI model. You can change working with an AI model. You can change working with an AI model. You can change models here just like you can um in the models here just like you can um in the models here just like you can um in the cursor editor. And the the the cursor editor. And the the the cursor editor. And the the the philosophy of cursor is we want to allow philosophy of cursor is we want to allow philosophy of cursor is we want to allow you to use any model. So as new models you to use any model. So as new models you to use any model. So as new models come out, which they come out like once come out, which they come out like once come out, which they come out like once a month, right? Seems like there's a month, right? Seems like there's a month, right? Seems like there's always new models. They're always going always new models. They're always going always new models. They're always going to be trying new things and making to be trying new things and making to be trying new things and making improvements. Our goal is to support all improvements. Our goal is to support all improvements. Our goal is to support all of those models and make it very easy to of those models and make it very easy to of those models and make it very easy to integrate them into your application and integrate them into your application and integrate them into your application and get the kind of the best of all of the get the kind of the best of all of the get the kind of the best of all of the latest tech. latest tech. latest tech. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like it the future as &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like it the future as &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like it the future as the models get better and more capable the models get better and more capable the models get better and more capable is going to be more heavily about the UI is going to be more heavily about the UI is going to be more heavily about the UI like reviewing tons of changes because like reviewing tons of changes because like reviewing tons of changes because nobody wants you know 2,000 lines diff nobody wants you know 2,000 lines diff nobody wants you know 2,000 lines diff and just like insanely difficult to see and just like insanely difficult to see and just like insanely difficult to see what the AI did. It's going to be more what the AI did. It's going to be more what the AI did. It's going to be more about like how do I review this quickly about like how do I review this quickly about like how do I review this quickly before improving. before improving. before improving. &gt;&gt; Yep. Now the other thing I want to show &gt;&gt; Yep. Now the other thing I want to show &gt;&gt; Yep. Now the other thing I want to show like as you're as you're in the process like as you're as you're in the process like as you're as you're in the process of working through building software, of working through building software, of working through building software, I'm in my editor. I'm making changes. I I'm in my editor. I'm making changes. I I'm in my editor. I'm making changes. I work with the agent. I I say go add this work with the agent. I I say go add this work with the agent. I I say go add this thing or go add another thing and I'm thing or go add another thing and I'm thing or go add another thing and I'm working on building the software working on building the software working on building the software project. But eventually over time the project. But eventually over time the project. But eventually over time the project's going to get a little bit project's going to get a little bit project's going to get a little bit bigger. Maybe multiple people are going bigger. Maybe multiple people are going bigger. Maybe multiple people are going to work on it and you're not always to work on it and you're not always to work on it and you're not always going to be directly in your editor. So going to be directly in your editor. So going to be directly in your editor. So it was very important for us to take it was very important for us to take it was very important for us to take this same cursor agent experience and this same cursor agent experience and this same cursor agent experience and bring it to a bunch of different places bring it to a bunch of different places bring it to a bunch of different places trying to make every part of building trying to make every part of building trying to make every part of building software easier with AI. So let me show software easier with AI. So let me show software easier with AI. So let me show a different screen just as uh an a different screen just as uh an a different screen just as uh an example. One thing that we added example. One thing that we added example. One thing that we added recently that maybe not as many people recently that maybe not as many people recently that maybe not as many people know about is the ability to call the know about is the ability to call the know about is the ability to call the same cursor agent but from Slack. same cursor agent but from Slack. same cursor agent but from Slack. &gt;&gt; So um on installing the cursor agent, I &gt;&gt; So um on installing the cursor agent, I &gt;&gt; So um on installing the cursor agent, I wanted to make it so that there's a curl wanted to make it so that there's a curl wanted to make it so that there's a curl command that says go to command that says go to command that says go to cursor.com/install. But if you went to cursor.com/install. But if you went to cursor.com/install. But if you went to this URL in the browser, I said ah let's this URL in the browser, I said ah let's this URL in the browser, I said ah let's actually make that just redirect to our actually make that just redirect to our actually make that just redirect to our marketing page. uh if the user agent is marketing page. uh if the user agent is marketing page. uh if the user agent is a browser and our agent just like we a browser and our agent just like we a browser and our agent just like we could call it in the editor, we can also could call it in the editor, we can also could call it in the editor, we can also call it in Slack or we can go to call it in Slack or we can go to call it in Slack or we can go to cursor.com/agents and call it from there cursor.com/agents and call it from there cursor.com/agents and call it from there as well. as well. as well. &gt;&gt; And then it can make a PR for us and we &gt;&gt; And then it can make a PR for us and we &gt;&gt; And then it can make a PR for us and we can go review those changes, make sure can go review those changes, make sure can go review those changes, make sure everything looks okay and then merge it. everything looks okay and then merge it. everything looks okay and then merge it. So I I'm often making a bunch of changes So I I'm often making a bunch of changes So I I'm often making a bunch of changes to cursor without ever really needing to to cursor without ever really needing to to cursor without ever really needing to be in the editor. I can call things from be in the editor. I can call things from be in the editor. I can call things from Slack, I can call things from the web, I Slack, I can call things from the web, I Slack, I can call things from the web, I can call things from a CLI. Some people can call things from a CLI. Some people can call things from a CLI. Some people use like CLIs on their phone. I've seen use like CLIs on their phone. I've seen use like CLIs on their phone. I've seen levels I talk about this quite a bit levels I talk about this quite a bit levels I talk about this quite a bit which is fun. Um and the goal is just to which is fun. Um and the goal is just to which is fun. Um and the goal is just to try to bring that agent experience try to bring that agent experience try to bring that agent experience pretty much wherever you're at. pretty much wherever you're at. pretty much wherever you're at. &gt;&gt; So that kind of nicely ties into the &gt;&gt; So that kind of nicely ties into the &gt;&gt; So that kind of nicely ties into the topic of MCPS, right? Because they also topic of MCPS, right? Because they also topic of MCPS, right? Because they also make it more integrated where agents can make it more integrated where agents can make it more integrated where agents can use different tools or even different use different tools or even different use different tools or even different agents. Talk about MCPs. What do you see agents. Talk about MCPs. What do you see agents. Talk about MCPs. What do you see the future there? I mentioned that the the future there? I mentioned that the the future there? I mentioned that the agent has the ability to call tools and agent has the ability to call tools and agent has the ability to call tools and the tools are like reading files or the tools are like reading files or the tools are like reading files or listing files or applying code changes, listing files or applying code changes, listing files or applying code changes, searching the web. These are all tools searching the web. These are all tools searching the web. These are all tools that are built in that cursor or the AI that are built in that cursor or the AI that are built in that cursor or the AI tool is defining. So we're giving the tool is defining. So we're giving the tool is defining. So we're giving the agent, let's call it 10 different really agent, let's call it 10 different really agent, let's call it 10 different really high quality tools. Yes. high quality tools. Yes. high quality tools. Yes. &gt;&gt; And for some of those tools, by the way, &gt;&gt; And for some of those tools, by the way, &gt;&gt; And for some of those tools, by the way, cursor has our own models that we've cursor has our own models that we've cursor has our own models that we've trained to be really good at just that trained to be really good at just that trained to be really good at just that one thing. So indexing a codebase and one thing. So indexing a codebase and one thing. So indexing a codebase and searching over a codebase and and so on. searching over a codebase and and so on. searching over a codebase and and so on. Now the great thing about MCP is that it Now the great thing about MCP is that it Now the great thing about MCP is that it allows you to add arbitrary tools into allows you to add arbitrary tools into allows you to add arbitrary tools into that list. So you can integrate with that list. So you can integrate with that list. So you can integrate with basically any external system then basically any external system then basically any external system then whether you write the MCP server or they whether you write the MCP server or they whether you write the MCP server or they write the MCP server and it allows it to write the MCP server and it allows it to write the MCP server and it allows it to have a tool that can go call something have a tool that can go call something have a tool that can go call something could be an API could be a CLI could be could be an API could be a CLI could be could be an API could be a CLI could be anything and then bring that information anything and then bring that information anything and then bring that information back and put it into the context. So, back and put it into the context. So, back and put it into the context. So, going back to what I mentioned, like going back to what I mentioned, like going back to what I mentioned, like context management is kind of the key context management is kind of the key context management is kind of the key skill, knowing what you're putting in. skill, knowing what you're putting in. skill, knowing what you're putting in. Um, the size of the context window, Um, the size of the context window, Um, the size of the context window, making sure it doesn't get too large. making sure it doesn't get too large. making sure it doesn't get too large. When you go call an MCP and you go bring When you go call an MCP and you go bring When you go call an MCP and you go bring some information back and put it inside some information back and put it inside some information back and put it inside of there, that's really helpful context. of there, that's really helpful context. of there, that's really helpful context. It can be great for the agent to solve It can be great for the agent to solve It can be great for the agent to solve the task or go look at my runtime logs the task or go look at my runtime logs the task or go look at my runtime logs or go look at observability data. All or go look at observability data. All or go look at observability data. All that's great, but then you also need to that's great, but then you also need to that's great, but then you also need to know those kind of foundational concepts know those kind of foundational concepts know those kind of foundational concepts you're building on like the context, you're building on like the context, you're building on like the context, size, what are tool calls, how does that size, what are tool calls, how does that size, what are tool calls, how does that grow over time? So the future of MCP for grow over time? So the future of MCP for grow over time? So the future of MCP for me I think is there's kind of two me I think is there's kind of two me I think is there's kind of two different modes. There's people using different modes. There's people using different modes. There's people using MCPs with AI chats like chat GBT on the MCPs with AI chats like chat GBT on the MCPs with AI chats like chat GBT on the web or something which this is like it's web or something which this is like it's web or something which this is like it's more of a connector of things. It's more of a connector of things. It's more of a connector of things. It's basically integrations so I can connect basically integrations so I can connect basically integrations so I can connect to my Google Drive account and go pull to my Google Drive account and go pull to my Google Drive account and go pull information from there. That's fine. I information from there. That's fine. I information from there. That's fine. I think there's some think there's some think there's some &gt;&gt; uh security things there that are &gt;&gt; uh security things there that are &gt;&gt; uh security things there that are tricky. There's already been some tricky. There's already been some tricky. There's already been some there's already been some cases where there's already been some cases where there's already been some cases where you have to be very careful about giving you have to be very careful about giving you have to be very careful about giving a model access to all of your Google a model access to all of your Google a model access to all of your Google Drive and you know Google email account Drive and you know Google email account Drive and you know Google email account uh because models can hallucinate and uh because models can hallucinate and uh because models can hallucinate and they maybe would get something wrong or they maybe would get something wrong or they maybe would get something wrong or they might run a command that they might run a command that they might run a command that accidentally you know delete something accidentally you know delete something accidentally you know delete something in your Google Drive. So yeah, in your Google Drive. So yeah, in your Google Drive. So yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm I'm much more of a readonly MCP &gt;&gt; I'm I'm much more of a readonly MCP &gt;&gt; I'm I'm much more of a readonly MCP person for like most things. Like person for like most things. Like person for like most things. Like reading stuff is is mostly fine. It's reading stuff is is mostly fine. It's reading stuff is is mostly fine. It's the writing stuff you have to be a lot the writing stuff you have to be a lot the writing stuff you have to be a lot more careful of, which is why in cursor more careful of, which is why in cursor more careful of, which is why in cursor like when you're in the agent, you can like when you're in the agent, you can like when you're in the agent, you can allow or deny specific commands that you allow or deny specific commands that you allow or deny specific commands that you want to uh give the MCP the ability to want to uh give the MCP the ability to want to uh give the MCP the ability to to use. So that's like more of the to use. So that's like more of the to use. So that's like more of the consumer side. On the developer side, consumer side. On the developer side, consumer side. On the developer side, the the MCP use cases I'm excited about the the MCP use cases I'm excited about the the MCP use cases I'm excited about are tools and frameworks and companies are tools and frameworks and companies are tools and frameworks and companies making MCP servers that make it easier making MCP servers that make it easier making MCP servers that make it easier for models to ingest data about that for models to ingest data about that for models to ingest data about that product. So maybe it's the runtime logs product. So maybe it's the runtime logs product. So maybe it's the runtime logs or the observability data or the account or the observability data or the account or the observability data or the account information. Just getting that information. Just getting that information. Just getting that information back into the MCB server information back into the MCB server information back into the MCB server such that when you're trying to debug an such that when you're trying to debug an such that when you're trying to debug an issue and it's some kind of runtime issue and it's some kind of runtime issue and it's some kind of runtime error, you can say okay let's go look at error, you can say okay let's go look at error, you can say okay let's go look at X account and figure out what went wrong X account and figure out what went wrong X account and figure out what went wrong and it can go to Sentry or something for and it can go to Sentry or something for and it can go to Sentry or something for example and go to Sentry. It can look at example and go to Sentry. It can look at example and go to Sentry. It can look at all the errors that have happened. it all the errors that have happened. it all the errors that have happened. it can pull that into the context and can pull that into the context and can pull that into the context and generally the model does a better job of generally the model does a better job of generally the model does a better job of kind of finding that information in a kind of finding that information in a kind of finding that information in a stream of just raw logs than it would stream of just raw logs than it would stream of just raw logs than it would take for a human to find that. take for a human to find that. take for a human to find that. &gt;&gt; So last question I want to ask is if you &gt;&gt; So last question I want to ask is if you &gt;&gt; So last question I want to ask is if you had to leave the next generation of had to leave the next generation of had to leave the next generation of software engineers with one piece of software engineers with one piece of software engineers with one piece of advice, what would that be? I think that advice, what would that be? I think that advice, what would that be? I think that it's uncomfortable for experienced it's uncomfortable for experienced it's uncomfortable for experienced developers to see this new wave of tools developers to see this new wave of tools developers to see this new wave of tools coming and feel like it's kind of coming and feel like it's kind of coming and feel like it's kind of changing what it means to be a software changing what it means to be a software changing what it means to be a software engineer and they they want to dismiss engineer and they they want to dismiss engineer and they they want to dismiss it and kind of push it away or they're it and kind of push it away or they're it and kind of push it away or they're kind of ignored or uh they're kind of kind of ignored or uh they're kind of kind of ignored or uh they're kind of ignoring it or they're just upset about ignoring it or they're just upset about ignoring it or they're just upset about the hype around AI. But I think that the hype around AI. But I think that the hype around AI. But I think that this next generation is going to be very this next generation is going to be very this next generation is going to be very AI native AI first. They're starting AI native AI first. They're starting AI native AI first. They're starting learning using these tools. this is kind learning using these tools. this is kind learning using these tools. this is kind of the way that they know how to build of the way that they know how to build of the way that they know how to build software which has pros and cons but I software which has pros and cons but I software which has pros and cons but I think can be they can learn the think can be they can learn the think can be they can learn the downsides of that approach um probably downsides of that approach um probably downsides of that approach um probably faster than people who have been coding faster than people who have been coding faster than people who have been coding for 20 years and are kind of reluctant for 20 years and are kind of reluctant for 20 years and are kind of reluctant to try this out are going to be able to to try this out are going to be able to to try this out are going to be able to get a a feel for how working with models get a a feel for how working with models get a a feel for how working with models um actually is. So I would say for those um actually is. So I would say for those um actually is. So I would say for those kind of getting into coding right now, kind of getting into coding right now, kind of getting into coding right now, the next generation, it's both important the next generation, it's both important the next generation, it's both important to really understand how models work, to really understand how models work, to really understand how models work, kind of become proficient as these tools kind of become proficient as these tools kind of become proficient as these tools get better and better, but also you get better and better, but also you get better and better, but also you can't skip the foundations. You're going can't skip the foundations. You're going can't skip the foundations. You're going to get into a spot where the model's to get into a spot where the model's to get into a spot where the model's wrong and you say, "Okay, go fix it. wrong and you say, "Okay, go fix it. wrong and you say, "Okay, go fix it. Okay, it doesn't actually work." And you Okay, it doesn't actually work." And you Okay, it doesn't actually work." And you say, "No, go fix that again." And you say, "No, go fix that again." And you say, "No, go fix that again." And you just get into this cycle where it's kind just get into this cycle where it's kind just get into this cycle where it's kind of just busted. And unless you have a of just busted. And unless you have a of just busted. And unless you have a deeper understanding of how to debug deeper understanding of how to debug deeper understanding of how to debug software and some of the core software and some of the core software and some of the core principles, uh it could be kind of principles, uh it could be kind of principles, uh it could be kind of frustrating. So I would highly recommend frustrating. So I would highly recommend frustrating. So I would highly recommend both becoming AI native but also go both becoming AI native but also go both becoming AI native but also go learn the CS foundations. learn the CS foundations. learn the CS foundations. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to be willing to get your &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to be willing to get your &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to be willing to get your hands dirty. And I think the the biggest hands dirty. And I think the the biggest hands dirty. And I think the the biggest leverage is really upskilling yourself leverage is really upskilling yourself leverage is really upskilling yourself because the models are going to get because the models are going to get because the models are going to get better. AI tools are going to get better better. AI tools are going to get better better. AI tools are going to get better and if you yourself use them to improve and if you yourself use them to improve and if you yourself use them to improve your programming experience, you're just your programming experience, you're just your programming experience, you're just going to outperform everybody else. going to outperform everybody else. going to outperform everybody else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Riley, I appreciate &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Riley, I appreciate &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Riley, I appreciate the time. So, what should people do? the time. So, what should people do? the time. So, what should people do? Should they follow you on Twitter? Should they follow you on Twitter? Should they follow you on Twitter? Should they check out Cursor? Should they check out Cursor? Should they check out Cursor? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I am posting about building &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I am posting about building &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I am posting about building with AI, coding with AI on Twitter. Um, with AI, coding with AI on Twitter. Um, with AI, coding with AI on Twitter. Um, Lero and then also we're releasing a Lero and then also we're releasing a Lero and then also we're releasing a course on how to use AI. Cursor is it'll course on how to use AI. Cursor is it'll course on how to use AI. Cursor is it'll be free. It'll be online at be free. It'll be online at be free. It'll be online at cursor.com/learn cursor.com/learn cursor.com/learn in the coming weeks or month or maybe in the coming weeks or month or maybe in the coming weeks or month or maybe already available when you watch this already available when you watch this already available when you watch this video. video. video. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, again, thank you for taking &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, again, thank you for taking &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, again, thank you for taking the time and have a great day. the time and have a great day. the time and have a great day. Thank you.
