Title: Meta's most dystopian product yet...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday, the world got its first look Yesterday, the world got its first look Yesterday, the world got its first look at the most innovative, most exciting, at the most innovative, most exciting, at the most innovative, most exciting, and most dystopian tech product of 2025. and most dystopian tech product of 2025. and most dystopian tech product of 2025. The $799 Ray-B band sunglasses that lets The $799 Ray-B band sunglasses that lets The $799 Ray-B band sunglasses that lets you live life like a fighter pilot with you live life like a fighter pilot with you live life like a fighter pilot with a full color heads-up display. And not a full color heads-up display. And not a full color heads-up display. And not only that, but it can practically read only that, but it can practically read only that, but it can practically read your mind thanks to this thing called your mind thanks to this thing called your mind thanks to this thing called the Meta Neural Band, which is a the Meta Neural Band, which is a the Meta Neural Band, which is a bracelet that measures movement before bracelet that measures movement before bracelet that measures movement before it's even visually perceptible. A it's even visually perceptible. A it's even visually perceptible. A product this terrifying could only be product this terrifying could only be product this terrifying could only be conceived by one man, Mark Zuckerberg, conceived by one man, Mark Zuckerberg, conceived by one man, Mark Zuckerberg, who demoed them at Metacon Connect 2025. who demoed them at Metacon Connect 2025. who demoed them at Metacon Connect 2025. The presentation was truly impressive at The presentation was truly impressive at The presentation was truly impressive at times, but not everything went according times, but not everything went according times, but not everything went according to plan. Actually, that's an to plan. Actually, that's an to plan. Actually, that's an understatement. This could go down in understatement. This could go down in understatement. This could go down in history as one of the biggest live demo history as one of the biggest live demo history as one of the biggest live demo fails since Elon tried to demo the fails since Elon tried to demo the fails since Elon tried to demo the bulletproof glass of the Cybert truck. bulletproof glass of the Cybert truck. bulletproof glass of the Cybert truck. Oh my god. Well, maybe that was Oh my god. Well, maybe that was Oh my god. Well, maybe that was a little too hard. a little too hard. a little too hard. In today's video, we'll look at the In today's video, we'll look at the In today's video, we'll look at the incredible tech behind Meta's new incredible tech behind Meta's new incredible tech behind Meta's new halfbaked Ray-B bands and find out what halfbaked Ray-B bands and find out what halfbaked Ray-B bands and find out what it'll be like to interact with fellow it'll be like to interact with fellow it'll be like to interact with fellow humans in the future. It is September humans in the future. It is September humans in the future. It is September 18th, 2025, and you're watching the Code 18th, 2025, and you're watching the Code 18th, 2025, and you're watching the Code Report. When Meta released its AI smart Report. When Meta released its AI smart Report. When Meta released its AI smart glasses last year, the first thing glasses last year, the first thing glasses last year, the first thing people did was develop an app to dox people did was develop an app to dox people did was develop an app to dox people in real time by connecting its people in real time by connecting its people in real time by connecting its real-time video feed to facial real-time video feed to facial real-time video feed to facial recognition software. This has allowed recognition software. This has allowed recognition software. This has allowed men to optimize the way they talk to men to optimize the way they talk to men to optimize the way they talk to women by knowing all their personal women by knowing all their personal women by knowing all their personal details in advance. That's awesome. But details in advance. That's awesome. But details in advance. That's awesome. But these new Meta Rayband display glasses these new Meta Rayband display glasses these new Meta Rayband display glasses represent a breakthrough in three key represent a breakthrough in three key represent a breakthrough in three key areas. First, it has a fullcolor areas. First, it has a fullcolor areas. First, it has a fullcolor highresolution 600x600 pixel display highresolution 600x600 pixel display highresolution 600x600 pixel display positioned in the right lens. The positioned in the right lens. The positioned in the right lens. The display is translucent and doesn't display is translucent and doesn't display is translucent and doesn't obstruct the wearer's natural vision. obstruct the wearer's natural vision. obstruct the wearer's natural vision. That means when your parents call you in That means when your parents call you in That means when your parents call you in for an important conversation to get a for an important conversation to get a for an important conversation to get a job and move out of their basement, you job and move out of their basement, you job and move out of their basement, you can maintain eye contact while still can maintain eye contact while still can maintain eye contact while still getting all of your important Instagram getting all of your important Instagram getting all of your important Instagram notifications. The second innovation in notifications. The second innovation in notifications. The second innovation in these new Ray-B bands is just the sheer these new Ray-B bands is just the sheer these new Ray-B bands is just the sheer amount of AI slot packed into the amount of AI slot packed into the amount of AI slot packed into the device. They're much bulkier than device. They're much bulkier than device. They're much bulkier than regular WFarers, but have a 6-hour regular WFarers, but have a 6-hour regular WFarers, but have a 6-hour battery life and allow you to do things battery life and allow you to do things battery life and allow you to do things like translate conversations in real like translate conversations in real like translate conversations in real time to any language. They can recognize time to any language. They can recognize time to any language. They can recognize images in the real world and also images in the real world and also images in the real world and also respond with new images generated by AI. respond with new images generated by AI. respond with new images generated by AI. One real world use case for this feature One real world use case for this feature One real world use case for this feature is that it could turn any modern wife is that it could turn any modern wife is that it could turn any modern wife into a trad wife by leveling up her into a trad wife by leveling up her into a trad wife by leveling up her cooking skills. At Meta Connect, they cooking skills. At Meta Connect, they cooking skills. At Meta Connect, they attempted to live demo cooking, but it attempted to live demo cooking, but it attempted to live demo cooking, but it failed hard. failed hard. failed hard. What do I do first? What do I do first? What do I do first? You've already combined the base You've already combined the base You've already combined the base ingredients, so now grate a pair to add ingredients, so now grate a pair to add ingredients, so now grate a pair to add to the sauce. What do I do first? What do I do first? What do I do first? You've already combined the base You've already combined the base You've already combined the base ingredients, so now grate the pear and ingredients, so now grate the pear and ingredients, so now grate the pear and gently combine it with the base sauce. gently combine it with the base sauce. gently combine it with the base sauce. All right, I think the Wi-Fi might be All right, I think the Wi-Fi might be All right, I think the Wi-Fi might be messed up. Sorry. Back to you, Mark. messed up. Sorry. Back to you, Mark. messed up. Sorry. Back to you, Mark. It's all good. You know what? It's all good. You know what? It's all good. You know what? It's all good. It's all good. It's all good. They tried to play it off as a Wi-Fi They tried to play it off as a Wi-Fi They tried to play it off as a Wi-Fi problem, but clearly the problem is that problem, but clearly the problem is that problem, but clearly the problem is that the AI here just isn't very intelligent. the AI here just isn't very intelligent. the AI here just isn't very intelligent. The third and most impressive The third and most impressive The third and most impressive innovation, though, is the Meta Neural innovation, though, is the Meta Neural innovation, though, is the Meta Neural Band. A wristband that comes with every Band. A wristband that comes with every Band. A wristband that comes with every pair of display glasses. It uses pair of display glasses. It uses pair of display glasses. It uses electromyiography technology to sense electromyiography technology to sense electromyiography technology to sense tiny electrical signals in your wrist tiny electrical signals in your wrist tiny electrical signals in your wrist that correspond to the way you move your that correspond to the way you move your that correspond to the way you move your hands. This thing can actually detect hands. This thing can actually detect hands. This thing can actually detect how your hands are going to move before how your hands are going to move before how your hands are going to move before the movement even happens. It completely the movement even happens. It completely the movement even happens. It completely replaces old-fashioned touchcreens on replaces old-fashioned touchcreens on replaces old-fashioned touchcreens on antique devices like the iPhone because antique devices like the iPhone because antique devices like the iPhone because everything can now be controlled with everything can now be controlled with everything can now be controlled with subtle finger movements. What's most subtle finger movements. What's most subtle finger movements. What's most impressive is that it works universally impressive is that it works universally impressive is that it works universally on all humans without calibration. The on all humans without calibration. The on all humans without calibration. The only exception being humans with no only exception being humans with no only exception being humans with no arms. That amazing feat was achieved by arms. That amazing feat was achieved by arms. That amazing feat was achieved by testing it on over 200,000 participants. testing it on over 200,000 participants. testing it on over 200,000 participants. But is this approach actually intuitive But is this approach actually intuitive But is this approach actually intuitive from a UIUX perspective? from a UIUX perspective? from a UIUX perspective? I don't know about you. When I watch TV, I don't know about you. When I watch TV, I don't know about you. When I watch TV, we had a I accidentally exited. That's we had a I accidentally exited. That's we had a I accidentally exited. That's my fault. That's my fault. my fault. That's my fault. my fault. That's my fault. It's all good. It's all good. It's all good. Okay, we're good now. Okay, we're good now. Okay, we're good now. It's really live. It's really live. It's really live. As you can see, even Meta employees seem As you can see, even Meta employees seem As you can see, even Meta employees seem to struggle using it. But despite these to struggle using it. But despite these to struggle using it. But despite these live demo failures, you have to give live demo failures, you have to give live demo failures, you have to give Meta some credit for having the balls to Meta some credit for having the balls to Meta some credit for having the balls to demo it live. It's a refreshing change demo it live. It's a refreshing change demo it live. It's a refreshing change from the over glamorous Apple style from the over glamorous Apple style from the over glamorous Apple style announcements, but Meta probably could announcements, but Meta probably could announcements, but Meta probably could have shipped a more stable product if have shipped a more stable product if have shipped a more stable product if they ran their CI/CD pipelines with they ran their CI/CD pipelines with they ran their CI/CD pipelines with Blacksmith, the sponsor of today's Blacksmith, the sponsor of today's Blacksmith, the sponsor of today's video. It's a drop in replacement for video. It's a drop in replacement for video. It's a drop in replacement for GitHub runners that lets you run your GitHub runners that lets you run your GitHub runners that lets you run your GitHub actions twice as fast while GitHub actions twice as fast while GitHub actions twice as fast while costing 75% less. That might sound too costing 75% less. That might sound too costing 75% less. That might sound too good to be true, but they're able to good to be true, but they're able to good to be true, but they're able to achieve this blazing speed by running achieve this blazing speed by running achieve this blazing speed by running your actions on bare metal gaming CPUs your actions on bare metal gaming CPUs your actions on bare metal gaming CPUs with the highest single core with the highest single core with the highest single core performance. Blacksmith also makes your performance. Blacksmith also makes your performance. Blacksmith also makes your GitHub actions fully observable, so you GitHub actions fully observable, so you GitHub actions fully observable, so you can quickly see what's happening in your can quickly see what's happening in your can quickly see what's happening in your CI pipeline when something goes wrong, CI pipeline when something goes wrong, CI pipeline when something goes wrong, which is critical when you have agents which is critical when you have agents which is critical when you have agents writing thousands of lines of code with writing thousands of lines of code with writing thousands of lines of code with no parental supervision. Try Blacksmith no parental supervision. Try Blacksmith no parental supervision. Try Blacksmith for free today at the link below, and for free today at the link below, and for free today at the link below, and you'll get 3,000 free minutes per month you'll get 3,000 free minutes per month you'll get 3,000 free minutes per month when you sign up. This has been the Code when you sign up. This has been the Code when you sign up. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching, and I will Report. Thanks for watching, and I will Report. Thanks for watching, and I will see you in the next one. see you in the next one. see you in the next one. [Music]
