Title: My New Favorite AI Tool for Brainstorming & More AI Use Cases
Channel: AI Advantage
======================================================================

Welcome to another week in AI and this Welcome to another week in AI and this Welcome to another week in AI and this week has been very colorful. We have week has been very colorful. We have week has been very colorful. We have creative tools that you can use for creative tools that you can use for creative tools that you can use for non-creative things like brainstorming non-creative things like brainstorming non-creative things like brainstorming and ideiation. And then there's a bunch and ideiation. And then there's a bunch and ideiation. And then there's a bunch of releases from China across the board of releases from China across the board of releases from China across the board including a top tier model that intakes including a top tier model that intakes including a top tier model that intakes videos as a part of your prompt and you videos as a part of your prompt and you videos as a part of your prompt and you can use it for free. So we have all that can use it for free. So we have all that can use it for free. So we have all that and so much more in this week's episode and so much more in this week's episode and so much more in this week's episode of AI News. You can use the show that of AI News. You can use the show that of AI News. You can use the show that takes all of the AI releases from this takes all of the AI releases from this takes all of the AI releases from this week filters for the ones that matter week filters for the ones that matter week filters for the ones that matter and then we get to look at them and then we get to look at them and then we get to look at them together. Okay. So here we have an together. Okay. So here we have an together. Okay. So here we have an application of which we've seen application of which we've seen application of which we've seen versions, but every time Google Apps versions, but every time Google Apps versions, but every time Google Apps does something new, I just get excited does something new, I just get excited does something new, I just get excited cuz they do some of the most creative cuz they do some of the most creative cuz they do some of the most creative interfaces in all of AI. And now they're interfaces in all of AI. And now they're interfaces in all of AI. And now they're doing something they call a mixboard, doing something they call a mixboard, doing something they call a mixboard, which is nanobanana on the back end and which is nanobanana on the back end and which is nanobanana on the back end and a creative interface on the front. Let's a creative interface on the front. Let's a creative interface on the front. Let's just get right into trying this. I'll just get right into trying this. I'll just get right into trying this. I'll create a new project. And by the way, if create a new project. And by the way, if create a new project. And by the way, if you want to access this, you need to be you want to access this, you need to be you want to access this, you need to be in the US. So yes, I am using a VPN in the US. So yes, I am using a VPN in the US. So yes, I am using a VPN right here. But essentially, this gives right here. But essentially, this gives right here. But essentially, this gives you this creative mixboard where you can you this creative mixboard where you can you this creative mixboard where you can easily combine multiple ideas. So, I easily combine multiple ideas. So, I easily combine multiple ideas. So, I like this one. How about we make like this one. How about we make like this one. How about we make something fun? Show me cats with hats. something fun? Show me cats with hats. something fun? Show me cats with hats. Okay, now it's going to generate Okay, now it's going to generate Okay, now it's going to generate multiple images. So, there's a bunch of multiple images. So, there's a bunch of multiple images. So, there's a bunch of cats with hats right here. Look at that. cats with hats right here. Look at that. cats with hats right here. Look at that. It didn't just generate three of them. It didn't just generate three of them. It didn't just generate three of them. It made like a whole bunch. Okay, let me It made like a whole bunch. Okay, let me It made like a whole bunch. Okay, let me upload an image, too. How about a taco upload an image, too. How about a taco upload an image, too. How about a taco hat? Yes. Okay, there you go. We have hat? Yes. Okay, there you go. We have hat? Yes. Okay, there you go. We have the taco hat. But honestly, this could the taco hat. But honestly, this could the taco hat. But honestly, this could be really useful for marketing purposes be really useful for marketing purposes be really useful for marketing purposes where you just have different branding where you just have different branding where you just have different branding assets and different products in here. assets and different products in here. assets and different products in here. And I really like the way it just And I really like the way it just And I really like the way it just created a bunch of them. Like, this is created a bunch of them. Like, this is created a bunch of them. Like, this is great. Okay. And then with shift I can great. Okay. And then with shift I can great. Okay. And then with shift I can select multiples. So I could for example select multiples. So I could for example select multiples. So I could for example take this cat and this image and then be take this cat and this image and then be take this cat and this image and then be like combine them. And then it's going like combine them. And then it's going like combine them. And then it's going to use nanobana to combine them. Okay, to use nanobana to combine them. Okay, to use nanobana to combine them. Okay, that's not perfect. Let me try different that's not perfect. Let me try different that's not perfect. Let me try different things. What if I just take these four things. What if I just take these four things. What if I just take these four cats right here and I say family cats right here and I say family cats right here and I say family picture. Oh, and sure enough, there it picture. Oh, and sure enough, there it picture. Oh, and sure enough, there it is. That actually worked super well. is. That actually worked super well. is. That actually worked super well. Okay. Wow. Very quickly, we're arriving Okay. Wow. Very quickly, we're arriving Okay. Wow. Very quickly, we're arriving at quite the fun art board here. And at quite the fun art board here. And at quite the fun art board here. And well, this might be a fun example. well, this might be a fun example. well, this might be a fun example. Seriously, if you put in your logos and Seriously, if you put in your logos and Seriously, if you put in your logos and just a bunch of different images from just a bunch of different images from just a bunch of different images from the internet and then you generate a the internet and then you generate a the internet and then you generate a bunch of images in here, too. As you saw bunch of images in here, too. As you saw bunch of images in here, too. As you saw with a cat with a head, I just got 50 with a cat with a head, I just got 50 with a cat with a head, I just got 50 new images. You can start mixing and new images. You can start mixing and new images. You can start mixing and matching these things. An interface that matching these things. An interface that matching these things. An interface that is not very typical and quite intuitive. is not very typical and quite intuitive. is not very typical and quite intuitive. At least I find that myself. Create a At least I find that myself. Create a At least I find that myself. Create a collage. What would it do with all the collage. What would it do with all the collage. What would it do with all the images? Oh, wow. Look at that. So, truly images? Oh, wow. Look at that. So, truly images? Oh, wow. Look at that. So, truly this is quite powerful. And mind you, this is quite powerful. And mind you, this is quite powerful. And mind you, I'm just logged in on a free account I'm just logged in on a free account I'm just logged in on a free account here doing all of this. Okay. What here doing all of this. Okay. What here doing all of this. Okay. What happens if I say more like this? Wa! happens if I say more like this? Wa! happens if I say more like this? Wa! Three completely different compilations Three completely different compilations Three completely different compilations and it's all cats with different hats. and it's all cats with different hats. and it's all cats with different hats. Honestly, I kind of like these. I might Honestly, I kind of like these. I might Honestly, I kind of like these. I might have to print some cat with hat art. I'm have to print some cat with hat art. I'm have to print some cat with hat art. I'm thinking this little guy would motivate thinking this little guy would motivate thinking this little guy would motivate me to work hard on a regular. No doubt me to work hard on a regular. No doubt me to work hard on a regular. No doubt about it. And just so we don't end on about it. And just so we don't end on about it. And just so we don't end on cats with hats, I'm going to go to this cats with hats, I'm going to go to this cats with hats, I'm going to go to this plan a party preset. And I'm going to do plan a party preset. And I'm going to do plan a party preset. And I'm going to do a cozy tennis themed party in my living a cozy tennis themed party in my living a cozy tennis themed party in my living room. And ah honestly, this is a room. And ah honestly, this is a room. And ah honestly, this is a fantastic way to brainstorm, too. I fantastic way to brainstorm, too. I fantastic way to brainstorm, too. I mean, come on. If you need ideas for mean, come on. If you need ideas for mean, come on. If you need ideas for something, this might just be one of the something, this might just be one of the something, this might just be one of the best workflows out there. No ideas for best workflows out there. No ideas for best workflows out there. No ideas for decoration, ideas for activities. So, I decoration, ideas for activities. So, I decoration, ideas for activities. So, I like this. This is not the first angle like this. This is not the first angle like this. This is not the first angle that I showed you where you can use it that I showed you where you can use it that I showed you where you can use it to create assets, but you could just use to create assets, but you could just use to create assets, but you could just use it for inspiration. So, now I could it for inspiration. So, now I could it for inspiration. So, now I could maybe take some of these activities like maybe take some of these activities like maybe take some of these activities like this one, this one, this one, tell it to this one, this one, this one, tell it to this one, this one, this one, tell it to generate more ideas for tennis themed generate more ideas for tennis themed generate more ideas for tennis themed party, and now I'm using images to party, and now I'm using images to party, and now I'm using images to generate new ideas. And I myself as a generate new ideas. And I myself as a generate new ideas. And I myself as a visual learner would much prefer this visual learner would much prefer this visual learner would much prefer this from a wall of text that you would get from a wall of text that you would get from a wall of text that you would get inside of Chat GPT. But if you want inside of Chat GPT. But if you want inside of Chat GPT. But if you want text, you can get that, too. Like these text, you can get that, too. Like these text, you can get that, too. Like these right here. Tennis trivia challenge, right here. Tennis trivia challenge, right here. Tennis trivia challenge, best match viewing party, do-it-yourself best match viewing party, do-it-yourself best match viewing party, do-it-yourself wristband decorating station. And again, wristband decorating station. And again, wristband decorating station. And again, all of this is free. Pretty impressive. all of this is free. Pretty impressive. all of this is free. Pretty impressive. All right, for the next one, we have a All right, for the next one, we have a All right, for the next one, we have a release coming out of China. Quen release coming out of China. Quen release coming out of China. Quen released six new models. And usually, we released six new models. And usually, we released six new models. And usually, we wouldn't spend too much time on this wouldn't spend too much time on this wouldn't spend too much time on this because, hey, there's many models out because, hey, there's many models out because, hey, there's many models out there, and China is competing, releasing there, and China is competing, releasing there, and China is competing, releasing good ones. They're not going to be good ones. They're not going to be good ones. They're not going to be life-changing. You know that by now. But life-changing. You know that by now. But life-changing. You know that by now. But what I was interested in is that if you what I was interested in is that if you what I was interested in is that if you go to this website, chat.quen.ai, AI, go to this website, chat.quen.ai, AI, go to this website, chat.quen.ai, AI, you have well all these new models, but you have well all these new models, but you have well all these new models, but also their Max model supports video also their Max model supports video also their Max model supports video upload. Interesting. So, I'm just going upload. Interesting. So, I'm just going upload. Interesting. So, I'm just going to give this a quick spin to see how to give this a quick spin to see how to give this a quick spin to see how that works in practice. I'm just going that works in practice. I'm just going that works in practice. I'm just going to pick out some random video from my to pick out some random video from my to pick out some random video from my downloads folder. I'm just going to do downloads folder. I'm just going to do downloads folder. I'm just going to do this one. It's just me drinking water, this one. It's just me drinking water, this one. It's just me drinking water, doing a few gestures. We'll use it later doing a few gestures. We'll use it later doing a few gestures. We'll use it later on, but I'll upload it here and then on, but I'll upload it here and then on, but I'll upload it here and then I'll ask it describe precisely what you I'll ask it describe precisely what you I'll ask it describe precisely what you see. Okay, it's going to upload. see. Okay, it's going to upload. see. Okay, it's going to upload. Meanwhile, we rock out. enough. Okay, back to it. So, let's just enough. Okay, back to it. So, let's just enough. Okay, back to it. So, let's just send this and see if it describes it send this and see if it describes it send this and see if it describes it precisely. Wow. So, it's generating precisely. Wow. So, it's generating precisely. Wow. So, it's generating slowly, but it has a video and this is slowly, but it has a video and this is slowly, but it has a video and this is the max model. This is very precise. So, the max model. This is very precise. So, the max model. This is very precise. So, it is what I hoped for. Neither Chachi it is what I hoped for. Neither Chachi it is what I hoped for. Neither Chachi nor Claude have this right now. You can nor Claude have this right now. You can nor Claude have this right now. You can find this in Gemini, but this is the find this in Gemini, but this is the find this in Gemini, but this is the first big alternative to it. I like it. first big alternative to it. I like it. first big alternative to it. I like it. Look at that. The scene custom medium Look at that. The scene custom medium Look at that. The scene custom medium close-up shot of a young man sitting in close-up shot of a young man sitting in close-up shot of a young man sitting in what appears to be a gaming chair. dark what appears to be a gaming chair. dark what appears to be a gaming chair. dark brown, neatly styled hair, a light brown, neatly styled hair, a light brown, neatly styled hair, a light beard, and a mustache, and is wearing a beard, and a mustache, and is wearing a beard, and a mustache, and is wearing a white, long-sleeved button-down shirt. white, long-sleeved button-down shirt. white, long-sleeved button-down shirt. The background is softly lit, and The background is softly lit, and The background is softly lit, and slightly out of focus. I kind of enjoy slightly out of focus. I kind of enjoy slightly out of focus. I kind of enjoy this description of an AI of the scene this description of an AI of the scene this description of an AI of the scene that I see here day by day, and you see that I see here day by day, and you see that I see here day by day, and you see it week by week. White panel, doors on it week by week. White panel, doors on it week by week. White panel, doors on either side of him, a lamp emitting warm either side of him, a lamp emitting warm either side of him, a lamp emitting warm light, surfboard shaped mirror on the light, surfboard shaped mirror on the light, surfboard shaped mirror on the wall. That's not a mirror. That's an wall. That's not a mirror. That's an wall. That's not a mirror. That's an actual surfboard. Anyway, you get the actual surfboard. Anyway, you get the actual surfboard. Anyway, you get the point that this actually works. All the point that this actually works. All the point that this actually works. All the gestures are described in here. Arm gestures are described in here. Arm gestures are described in here. Arm crossing. So if you need to work with crossing. So if you need to work with crossing. So if you need to work with video as context, yeah, there you go. video as context, yeah, there you go. video as context, yeah, there you go. Quenfreeax is your second option next to Quenfreeax is your second option next to Quenfreeax is your second option next to Gemini. And that's it. If you care to Gemini. And that's it. If you care to Gemini. And that's it. If you care to learn about the other models that are learn about the other models that are learn about the other models that are good but nothing special, you can check good but nothing special, you can check good but nothing special, you can check out their blog post. So for the next out their blog post. So for the next out their blog post. So for the next story, we have something that I was story, we have something that I was story, we have something that I was actually excited to try because actually excited to try because actually excited to try because sometimes we get these video models, but sometimes we get these video models, but sometimes we get these video models, but also these animation models where you also these animation models where you also these animation models where you give it a video and it reenacts it. And give it a video and it reenacts it. And give it a video and it reenacts it. And these have been getting steadily better. these have been getting steadily better. these have been getting steadily better. The newest one is from Alibaba and it's The newest one is from Alibaba and it's The newest one is from Alibaba and it's called One 2.2 Animate. Now, I did go in called One 2.2 Animate. Now, I did go in called One 2.2 Animate. Now, I did go in here and pay like a $1.50 to load 30 here and pay like a $1.50 to load 30 here and pay like a $1.50 to load 30 credits to try this out. So, you cannot credits to try this out. So, you cannot credits to try this out. So, you cannot do this for free, but what it does in do this for free, but what it does in do this for free, but what it does in theory is I can upload a target video, theory is I can upload a target video, theory is I can upload a target video, which I will do. It's the video that I which I will do. It's the video that I which I will do. It's the video that I showed you earlier of me just doing showed you earlier of me just doing showed you earlier of me just doing different gestures. Okay. And there's a different gestures. Okay. And there's a different gestures. Okay. And there's a time limitation on it. So, we'll just go time limitation on it. So, we'll just go time limitation on it. So, we'll just go from here all the way to here. This from here all the way to here. This from here all the way to here. This should work. Confirm. And now I need to should work. Confirm. And now I need to should work. Confirm. And now I need to pick a character. Now, during the pick a character. Now, during the pick a character. Now, during the preparation of this video, we were preparation of this video, we were preparation of this video, we were thinking, what kind of character would thinking, what kind of character would thinking, what kind of character would be good? And I don't know why, but we be good? And I don't know why, but we be good? And I don't know why, but we just landed on Conor McGregor. So, I'm just landed on Conor McGregor. So, I'm just landed on Conor McGregor. So, I'm going to give it a picture of Connor going to give it a picture of Connor going to give it a picture of Connor over here. And then it should turn me over here. And then it should turn me over here. And then it should turn me into Connor. Let's use up 20 credits, into Connor. Let's use up 20 credits, into Connor. Let's use up 20 credits, which is like a dollar here, to make which is like a dollar here, to make which is like a dollar here, to make this character swap app. And hope this this character swap app. And hope this this character swap app. And hope this works. Please try a different image. works. Please try a different image. works. Please try a different image. I'll try this. Okay, it's generating. I'll try this. Okay, it's generating. I'll try this. Okay, it's generating. Should be done in about 6 minutes. 15 Should be done in about 6 minutes. 15 Should be done in about 6 minutes. 15 minutes later. So, I tried three times minutes later. So, I tried three times minutes later. So, I tried three times with Conor McGregor. It didn't work. So, with Conor McGregor. It didn't work. So, with Conor McGregor. It didn't work. So, now instead I'm going to use an image of now instead I'm going to use an image of now instead I'm going to use an image of Rocky cuz why not? Let's actually do the Rocky cuz why not? Let's actually do the Rocky cuz why not? Let's actually do the pro mode and generate. So, this is Eigor pro mode and generate. So, this is Eigor pro mode and generate. So, this is Eigor Stallone. Let's have a look. Stallone. Let's have a look. Stallone. Let's have a look. Wow, that's unbelievably good. Holy Wow, that's unbelievably good. Holy Wow, that's unbelievably good. Holy moly. Yeah, so this works. I don't know. moly. Yeah, so this works. I don't know. moly. Yeah, so this works. I don't know. This cost me $150, but I'd say that's This cost me $150, but I'd say that's This cost me $150, but I'd say that's well worth it. Honestly, not sure what well worth it. Honestly, not sure what well worth it. Honestly, not sure what else to add. There's other tools like else to add. There's other tools like else to add. There's other tools like this, but my feeling is this one works this, but my feeling is this one works this, but my feeling is this one works even better than what I've seen before. even better than what I've seen before. even better than what I've seen before. Yeah. Um, thank you, China, for turning Yeah. Um, thank you, China, for turning Yeah. Um, thank you, China, for turning me into Rocky and saving me all that me into Rocky and saving me all that me into Rocky and saving me all that time in the gym. And additionally to time in the gym. And additionally to time in the gym. And additionally to this model that allows you to input a this model that allows you to input a this model that allows you to input a video and an image and make the video and an image and make the video and an image and make the character, they also released a character, they also released a character, they also released a competitor to V3 Free. It does video competitor to V3 Free. It does video competitor to V3 Free. It does video generation plus audio generation. And generation plus audio generation. And generation plus audio generation. And what we figured right away is that hey, what we figured right away is that hey, what we figured right away is that hey, we wonder how well it performs compared we wonder how well it performs compared we wonder how well it performs compared to V3 that is state-of-the-art to V3 that is state-of-the-art to V3 that is state-of-the-art currently. So we did the most logical currently. So we did the most logical currently. So we did the most logical thing. We ran the same prompt in both of thing. We ran the same prompt in both of thing. We ran the same prompt in both of them. And now let's have a look at what them. And now let's have a look at what them. And now let's have a look at what these look like in 1 2.5 and V3. these look like in 1 2.5 and V3. these look like in 1 2.5 and V3. &gt;&gt; This is not just my story, it's ours. If &gt;&gt; This is not just my story, it's ours. If &gt;&gt; This is not just my story, it's ours. If we stay silent now, who will speak we stay silent now, who will speak we stay silent now, who will speak later? later? later? &gt;&gt; And in that moment, I knew everything &gt;&gt; And in that moment, I knew everything &gt;&gt; And in that moment, I knew everything had to change. Not just for me, but for had to change. Not just for me, but for had to change. Not just for me, but for all of us. all of us. all of us. &gt;&gt; So, V3 actually has this like robotic &gt;&gt; So, V3 actually has this like robotic &gt;&gt; So, V3 actually has this like robotic tin can like sound that is so typical to tin can like sound that is so typical to tin can like sound that is so typical to it whenever you see it on Instagram or it whenever you see it on Instagram or it whenever you see it on Instagram or whatever. I don't think one has that. whatever. I don't think one has that. whatever. I don't think one has that. &gt;&gt; It's ours. &gt;&gt; It's ours. &gt;&gt; It's ours. &gt;&gt; It's not perfect, but the voice is &gt;&gt; It's not perfect, but the voice is &gt;&gt; It's not perfect, but the voice is better. Let's have a look at another better. Let's have a look at another better. Let's have a look at another one. One 2.5. [Music] [Music] [Music] &gt;&gt; It's okay. Don't love the audio. Yeah, this ambient sound is just a bit Yeah, this ambient sound is just a bit Yeah, this ambient sound is just a bit better here. None of them are perfect. better here. None of them are perfect. better here. None of them are perfect. And then a dragon flying towards And then a dragon flying towards And then a dragon flying towards medieval kingdom. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. &gt;&gt; A dragon soared above the castle as the &gt;&gt; A dragon soared above the castle as the &gt;&gt; A dragon soared above the castle as the kingdom held its breath. kingdom held its breath. kingdom held its breath. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's epic. And even the video is &gt;&gt; Okay, that's epic. And even the video is &gt;&gt; Okay, that's epic. And even the video is better. So, I can tell you from what better. So, I can tell you from what better. So, I can tell you from what I've seen across Twitter and in their I've seen across Twitter and in their I've seen across Twitter and in their blog post, this video model is very blog post, this video model is very blog post, this video model is very good, but it's not quite as good as V3. good, but it's not quite as good as V3. good, but it's not quite as good as V3. But the audio in some cases, especially But the audio in some cases, especially But the audio in some cases, especially when it comes to voices, seems cleaner. when it comes to voices, seems cleaner. when it comes to voices, seems cleaner. It's just good to see more competition It's just good to see more competition It's just good to see more competition in the market. And yeah, if you need a in the market. And yeah, if you need a in the market. And yeah, if you need a video model that also does audio, 1 2.5 video model that also does audio, 1 2.5 video model that also does audio, 1 2.5 is something you should definitely is something you should definitely is something you should definitely consider. And as we're talking about consider. And as we're talking about consider. And as we're talking about video models, there's also another video video models, there's also another video video models, there's also another video model, namely Cling, releasing their 2.5 model, namely Cling, releasing their 2.5 model, namely Cling, releasing their 2.5 Turbo API. We ran it through our various Turbo API. We ran it through our various Turbo API. We ran it through our various tests and as per usual, Clink performs tests and as per usual, Clink performs tests and as per usual, Clink performs super well. You can see some of the super well. You can see some of the super well. You can see some of the comparisons to the other leading models comparisons to the other leading models comparisons to the other leading models here on screen right now. Character here on screen right now. Character here on screen right now. Character consistency is good on our little monkey consistency is good on our little monkey consistency is good on our little monkey with a boat test prompt here. This is with a boat test prompt here. This is with a boat test prompt here. This is the first time I see the monkey the first time I see the monkey the first time I see the monkey splashing water at the boat, which is splashing water at the boat, which is splashing water at the boat, which is very courageous. Water is notoriously very courageous. Water is notoriously very courageous. Water is notoriously hard for all video models. And then we hard for all video models. And then we hard for all video models. And then we have Mr. Slo and his cocktail just have Mr. Slo and his cocktail just have Mr. Slo and his cocktail just straight chilling right here in the straight chilling right here in the straight chilling right here in the pool. It's a good model. It's cheaper pool. It's a good model. It's cheaper pool. It's a good model. It's cheaper and it's faster than the ones before, and it's faster than the ones before, and it's faster than the ones before, but other than that, not really a but other than that, not really a but other than that, not really a breakthrough. So, let's see what's next. breakthrough. So, let's see what's next. breakthrough. So, let's see what's next. So, for our next story, it's really a So, for our next story, it's really a So, for our next story, it's really a combination of two things. It's one a combination of two things. It's one a combination of two things. It's one a new story that went viral this week that new story that went viral this week that new story that went viral this week that relates to AI audio, and two, a new AI relates to AI audio, and two, a new AI relates to AI audio, and two, a new AI audio version of one of the most popular audio version of one of the most popular audio version of one of the most popular apps out there, Suno. So, they released apps out there, Suno. So, they released apps out there, Suno. So, they released V5. I would call it an upgrade to what V5. I would call it an upgrade to what V5. I would call it an upgrade to what we had before. There's more clarity. The we had before. There's more clarity. The we had before. There's more clarity. The vocals sound even better. But comparing vocals sound even better. But comparing vocals sound even better. But comparing it to some of the other models out there it to some of the other models out there it to some of the other models out there like 11 Labs music or UDO, it's becoming like 11 Labs music or UDO, it's becoming like 11 Labs music or UDO, it's becoming really hard to tell what's better. really hard to tell what's better. really hard to tell what's better. Nevertheless, I want to tell you about Nevertheless, I want to tell you about Nevertheless, I want to tell you about the story that happened this week and the story that happened this week and the story that happened this week and we're going to have a quick peek at a we're going to have a quick peek at a we're going to have a quick peek at a song that V5 generated just so you can song that V5 generated just so you can song that V5 generated just so you can hear how good this actually sounds. But hear how good this actually sounds. But hear how good this actually sounds. But the story I've been referencing is the story I've been referencing is the story I've been referencing is actually something that hit the actually something that hit the actually something that hit the mainstream. It's this artist called mainstream. It's this artist called mainstream. It's this artist called Monet, I suppose it's pronounced. It's Monet, I suppose it's pronounced. It's Monet, I suppose it's pronounced. It's basically a American lyricist with an AI basically a American lyricist with an AI basically a American lyricist with an AI alter ego that uses AI to produce her alter ego that uses AI to produce her alter ego that uses AI to produce her songs. So, she writes the lyrics and songs. So, she writes the lyrics and songs. So, she writes the lyrics and then she uses AI to vocalize them and then she uses AI to vocalize them and then she uses AI to vocalize them and create the entire audio. And I got to create the entire audio. And I got to create the entire audio. And I got to tell you, I had a quick listen here in tell you, I had a quick listen here in tell you, I had a quick listen here in preparation for this video and wow, it preparation for this video and wow, it preparation for this video and wow, it sounds really good. The lyrics are sounds really good. The lyrics are sounds really good. The lyrics are impressive. You can really tell that impressive. You can really tell that impressive. You can really tell that these are not AI written lyrics. But these are not AI written lyrics. But these are not AI written lyrics. But have just a quick peek at this. I think have just a quick peek at this. I think have just a quick peek at this. I think most people hearing this on the radio most people hearing this on the radio most people hearing this on the radio would not know this is AI. We're just would not know this is AI. We're just would not know this is AI. We're just gonna play a few seconds so this doesn't gonna play a few seconds so this doesn't gonna play a few seconds so this doesn't get demonetized. It's really good. The get demonetized. It's really good. The get demonetized. It's really good. The production is incredible and it used production is incredible and it used production is incredible and it used tools similar to Suno V5 here. So, with tools similar to Suno V5 here. So, with tools similar to Suno V5 here. So, with that being said, I guess we're only that being said, I guess we're only that being said, I guess we're only going to see more and more AI artists. going to see more and more AI artists. going to see more and more AI artists. And now, let's have a look at this new And now, let's have a look at this new And now, let's have a look at this new V5 version. If I just open up my Suno V5 version. If I just open up my Suno V5 version. If I just open up my Suno here, there's various songs that were here, there's various songs that were here, there's various songs that were produced with it. And I will have a produced with it. And I will have a produced with it. And I will have a quick listen to one of them right here. quick listen to one of them right here. quick listen to one of them right here. Let's have a quick listen. So cozy. [Music] &gt;&gt; Honestly, you just can't tell anymore. &gt;&gt; Honestly, you just can't tell anymore. &gt;&gt; Honestly, you just can't tell anymore. And I don't think I'm qualified enough And I don't think I'm qualified enough And I don't think I'm qualified enough to really tell the difference between to really tell the difference between to really tell the difference between all these various models at this point. all these various models at this point. all these various models at this point. It just sounds good. So if you used to It just sounds good. So if you used to It just sounds good. So if you used to play around with Suno, give it a second play around with Suno, give it a second play around with Suno, give it a second look cuz the upgrades from V3 over V4 look cuz the upgrades from V3 over V4 look cuz the upgrades from V3 over V4 and 4.5 and now 5, they're really and 4.5 and now 5, they're really and 4.5 and now 5, they're really audible. It just doesn't sound like AI audible. It just doesn't sound like AI audible. It just doesn't sound like AI anymore. And artists realize that. So, anymore. And artists realize that. So, anymore. And artists realize that. So, we're just in a world where AI art is we're just in a world where AI art is we're just in a world where AI art is becoming a part of the mainstream and becoming a part of the mainstream and becoming a part of the mainstream and there's no going back. Okay, so to round there's no going back. Okay, so to round there's no going back. Okay, so to round this video out, I'll be showing you all this video out, I'll be showing you all this video out, I'll be showing you all of this week's quick hits. This is the of this week's quick hits. This is the of this week's quick hits. This is the segment where we look at all the stories segment where we look at all the stories segment where we look at all the stories that maybe don't deserve multiple that maybe don't deserve multiple that maybe don't deserve multiple minutes of testing and reviewing, but minutes of testing and reviewing, but minutes of testing and reviewing, but you should still know about them. And you should still know about them. And you should still know about them. And we'll start out with a brand new arena we'll start out with a brand new arena we'll start out with a brand new arena that ranks different models. There's that ranks different models. There's that ranks different models. There's many of these, but honestly, I just many of these, but honestly, I just many of these, but honestly, I just realized who even runs these platforms realized who even runs these platforms realized who even runs these platforms like Ella Marina. They're super popular. like Ella Marina. They're super popular. like Ella Marina. They're super popular. But now, Scale AAI released their own But now, Scale AAI released their own But now, Scale AAI released their own version of this arena. And version of this arena. And version of this arena. And interestingly, so GPT5 Chat actually interestingly, so GPT5 Chat actually interestingly, so GPT5 Chat actually ranks as the number one model with Opus ranks as the number one model with Opus ranks as the number one model with Opus 4.1 on the second spot. I always like to 4.1 on the second spot. I always like to 4.1 on the second spot. I always like to get more leaderboards. We follow most of get more leaderboards. We follow most of get more leaderboards. We follow most of them and let those opinions influence them and let those opinions influence them and let those opinions influence our own usage and recommendations. Next our own usage and recommendations. Next our own usage and recommendations. Next up, we have a OpenAI released and it's a up, we have a OpenAI released and it's a up, we have a OpenAI released and it's a new API endpoint, GPT5 Codeex. It's the new API endpoint, GPT5 Codeex. It's the new API endpoint, GPT5 Codeex. It's the model that powers their codec that has model that powers their codec that has model that powers their codec that has become extremely popular over the past become extremely popular over the past become extremely popular over the past weeks. It was the lead story of last weeks. It was the lead story of last weeks. It was the lead story of last week's news you can use video and now week's news you can use video and now week's news you can use video and now you can directly access this coding you can directly access this coding you can directly access this coding focused model directly through the API. focused model directly through the API. focused model directly through the API. Nice. They're really trying to out Nice. They're really trying to out Nice. They're really trying to out compete and anthropic here with their compete and anthropic here with their compete and anthropic here with their coding focused models because before coding focused models because before coding focused models because before this their models were the gold standard this their models were the gold standard this their models were the gold standard for coding. Also, Google is putting AI for coding. Also, Google is putting AI for coding. Also, Google is putting AI everywhere. At least they're trying to everywhere. At least they're trying to everywhere. At least they're trying to and seeing how users respond. And that and seeing how users respond. And that and seeing how users respond. And that trend continues this week with this trend continues this week with this trend continues this week with this brand new AI integration into Google brand new AI integration into Google brand new AI integration into Google Chrome. So if you update it, you should Chrome. So if you update it, you should Chrome. So if you update it, you should have this brand new AI button on the top have this brand new AI button on the top have this brand new AI button on the top right. For now, this is US only. But right. For now, this is US only. But right. For now, this is US only. But essentially, you just have this AI essentially, you just have this AI essentially, you just have this AI button, which by the way, this little button, which by the way, this little button, which by the way, this little sparkle has become the gold standard, sparkle has become the gold standard, sparkle has become the gold standard, right? That's sort of like the logo of right? That's sort of like the logo of right? That's sort of like the logo of AI across the internet. Anyway, this AI across the internet. Anyway, this AI across the internet. Anyway, this little sparkle on the top right opens up little sparkle on the top right opens up little sparkle on the top right opens up various AI options and you can use various AI options and you can use various AI options and you can use Gemini from wherever you are. You don't Gemini from wherever you are. You don't Gemini from wherever you are. You don't need to open a separate tab. You can need to open a separate tab. You can need to open a separate tab. You can interact with the entire worldwide web interact with the entire worldwide web interact with the entire worldwide web just like this. And chances are most just like this. And chances are most just like this. And chances are most people watching this video are actually people watching this video are actually people watching this video are actually watching it from Google Chrome just watching it from Google Chrome just watching it from Google Chrome just because how damn popular this browser because how damn popular this browser because how damn popular this browser is. And now all of it has AI. Notion 3.0 is. And now all of it has AI. Notion 3.0 is. And now all of it has AI. Notion 3.0 zero released agents and a whole bunch zero released agents and a whole bunch zero released agents and a whole bunch of integrations. And I think this is of integrations. And I think this is of integrations. And I think this is actually quite interesting. As you know, actually quite interesting. As you know, actually quite interesting. As you know, I myself am a power user of notion. I I myself am a power user of notion. I I myself am a power user of notion. I have my entire company knowledge base, have my entire company knowledge base, have my entire company knowledge base, all the video production stuff, all the video production stuff, all the video production stuff, everything in notion, even my personal everything in notion, even my personal everything in notion, even my personal to-do lists. And now it all integrates to-do lists. And now it all integrates to-do lists. And now it all integrates into each other. I think the main thing into each other. I think the main thing into each other. I think the main thing that they did here is that it allows you that they did here is that it allows you that they did here is that it allows you to create these different agents with to create these different agents with to create these different agents with different knowledge documents. And in different knowledge documents. And in different knowledge documents. And in other apps, I usually export the other apps, I usually export the other apps, I usually export the markdown files from notion and bring markdown files from notion and bring markdown files from notion and bring them in. Here I don't have to do that. them in. Here I don't have to do that. them in. Here I don't have to do that. So I'll be exploring this more and more So I'll be exploring this more and more So I'll be exploring this more and more over time. and Notion actually reached over time. and Notion actually reached over time. and Notion actually reached out to partner on a video. So, we might out to partner on a video. So, we might out to partner on a video. So, we might be doing a deep dive onto everything be doing a deep dive onto everything be doing a deep dive onto everything that this has to offer. I'm genuinely that this has to offer. I'm genuinely that this has to offer. I'm genuinely curious to learn all about this myself. curious to learn all about this myself. curious to learn all about this myself. And the last quick hit this week is more And the last quick hit this week is more And the last quick hit this week is more of a notification, and that is that if of a notification, and that is that if of a notification, and that is that if you're using entropic models, up until you're using entropic models, up until you're using entropic models, up until now, they were very clear that they now, they were very clear that they now, they were very clear that they won't train on your data. Well, as of won't train on your data. Well, as of won't train on your data. Well, as of September 28th, that is changing. Now, September 28th, that is changing. Now, September 28th, that is changing. Now, this becomes a setting that you have to this becomes a setting that you have to this becomes a setting that you have to disable yourself. So, if you don't want disable yourself. So, if you don't want disable yourself. So, if you don't want them to train on your data, you will them to train on your data, you will them to train on your data, you will have to go into the settings and have to go into the settings and have to go into the settings and proactively uncheck the field that says proactively uncheck the field that says proactively uncheck the field that says they're allowed to use it. Easy to miss, they're allowed to use it. Easy to miss, they're allowed to use it. Easy to miss, but now you know. And that is pretty but now you know. And that is pretty but now you know. And that is pretty much everything we have for this week. much everything we have for this week. much everything we have for this week. One last note is that there's a lot of One last note is that there's a lot of One last note is that there's a lot of rumors about major releases coming up rumors about major releases coming up rumors about major releases coming up soon. So, if you haven't done so yet, soon. So, if you haven't done so yet, soon. So, if you haven't done so yet, subscribe to the channel cuz we'll be subscribe to the channel cuz we'll be subscribe to the channel cuz we'll be covering all of it. And with that being covering all of it. And with that being covering all of it. And with that being said, my name is Igor and I hope you said, my name is Igor and I hope you said, my name is Igor and I hope you have a wonderful
