Title: n8n will change your life as a developer...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Benjamin Franklin once said, "Losts time Benjamin Franklin once said, "Losts time Benjamin Franklin once said, "Losts time is never found again." As programmers, is never found again." As programmers, is never found again." As programmers, we have the unique ability to prevent we have the unique ability to prevent we have the unique ability to prevent lost time through the power of lost time through the power of lost time through the power of automation. Like when your Gen Z boss in automation. Like when your Gen Z boss in automation. Like when your Gen Z boss in a mini tells you to put a TPS report on a mini tells you to put a TPS report on a mini tells you to put a TPS report on her desk by 5:00 p.m. her desk by 5:00 p.m. her desk by 5:00 p.m. Gen Z boss in a mini. Gen Z boss in a mini. Gen Z boss in a mini. We don't do it manually. Instead, we We don't do it manually. Instead, we We don't do it manually. Instead, we build highly sophisticated automation build highly sophisticated automation build highly sophisticated automation workflows that look like this. Because workflows that look like this. Because workflows that look like this. Because why spend 1 hour doing something when why spend 1 hour doing something when why spend 1 hour doing something when you can spend 10 hours failing to you can spend 10 hours failing to you can spend 10 hours failing to automate it. Hell, some people even pay automate it. Hell, some people even pay automate it. Hell, some people even pay $500 per month for tools like Zapier to $500 per month for tools like Zapier to $500 per month for tools like Zapier to do all the heavy lifting for them. In do all the heavy lifting for them. In do all the heavy lifting for them. In fact, that's exactly what this guy was fact, that's exactly what this guy was fact, that's exactly what this guy was doing until he said, "Screw it. I'm doing until he said, "Screw it. I'm doing until he said, "Screw it. I'm building my own Zapier from scratch." building my own Zapier from scratch." building my own Zapier from scratch." The end result was a platform called The end result was a platform called The end result was a platform called N8N, which is an open-source N8N, which is an open-source N8N, which is an open-source self-hostable automation tool. And no, self-hostable automation tool. And no, self-hostable automation tool. And no, it's not the sponsor of this video. It's it's not the sponsor of this video. It's it's not the sponsor of this video. It's just a truly awesome project that you just a truly awesome project that you just a truly awesome project that you need to know about, and we'll change the need to know about, and we'll change the need to know about, and we'll change the way you think about automating all the way you think about automating all the way you think about automating all the boring work you do in life. In today's boring work you do in life. In today's boring work you do in life. In today's video, we'll look at some crazy ways you video, we'll look at some crazy ways you video, we'll look at some crazy ways you can use it, then deploy our own private can use it, then deploy our own private can use it, then deploy our own private automation system on a Linux VPS. It is automation system on a Linux VPS. It is automation system on a Linux VPS. It is September 29th, 2025, and you're September 29th, 2025, and you're September 29th, 2025, and you're watching the code report. But first of watching the code report. But first of watching the code report. But first of all, what is NADN? Well, if you know all, what is NADN? Well, if you know all, what is NADN? Well, if you know what Zapier is, the easiest way to think what Zapier is, the easiest way to think what Zapier is, the easiest way to think about it is like the free and open- about it is like the free and open- about it is like the free and open- source alternative to Zapier. It's a source alternative to Zapier. It's a source alternative to Zapier. It's a tool that allows you to take some input tool that allows you to take some input tool that allows you to take some input trigger like a website form submission, trigger like a website form submission, trigger like a website form submission, a database, write, a voice command, a a database, write, a voice command, a a database, write, a voice command, a GitHub issue, etc. then take the data GitHub issue, etc. then take the data GitHub issue, etc. then take the data from that event and run it through a from that event and run it through a from that event and run it through a pipeline of steps that might include pipeline of steps that might include pipeline of steps that might include third party apps or your own code. There third party apps or your own code. There third party apps or your own code. There are literally hundreds of different are literally hundreds of different are literally hundreds of different examples of things you can do. Like if examples of things you can do. Like if examples of things you can do. Like if you're a developer, you might run a you're a developer, you might run a you're a developer, you might run a workflow that triggers on a GitHub PR workflow that triggers on a GitHub PR workflow that triggers on a GitHub PR merge, which goes on to build a Docker merge, which goes on to build a Docker merge, which goes on to build a Docker image and then notify everybody on image and then notify everybody on image and then notify everybody on Discord. If you're a YouTuber, you might Discord. If you're a YouTuber, you might Discord. If you're a YouTuber, you might use it to automatically share your use it to automatically share your use it to automatically share your content on different social media content on different social media content on different social media platforms every time you upload a video. platforms every time you upload a video. platforms every time you upload a video. If you're into IoT, you could run a If you're into IoT, you could run a If you're into IoT, you could run a workflow that automatically sounds an workflow that automatically sounds an workflow that automatically sounds an alarm when the smart camera detects law alarm when the smart camera detects law alarm when the smart camera detects law enforcement around your compound. Or if enforcement around your compound. Or if enforcement around your compound. Or if you're a degenerate gambler, you could you're a degenerate gambler, you could you're a degenerate gambler, you could use it to automatically scrape football use it to automatically scrape football use it to automatically scrape football stats, then use AI to suggest which bets stats, then use AI to suggest which bets stats, then use AI to suggest which bets you should place next week. The you should place next week. The you should place next week. The possibilities are endless. But the crazy possibilities are endless. But the crazy possibilities are endless. But the crazy thing is that all this can be thing is that all this can be thing is that all this can be accomplished without writing a single accomplished without writing a single accomplished without writing a single line of code. Instead, you diagram line of code. Instead, you diagram line of code. Instead, you diagram everything in a flowchart style editor everything in a flowchart style editor everything in a flowchart style editor that makes the logic so clear that any that makes the logic so clear that any that makes the logic so clear that any non-technical person can approach it. non-technical person can approach it. non-technical person can approach it. And what's even more crazy is that you And what's even more crazy is that you And what's even more crazy is that you can unlock all this power in 5 seconds can unlock all this power in 5 seconds can unlock all this power in 5 seconds by simply running npx nadn from your by simply running npx nadn from your by simply running npx nadn from your terminal right now. After a few seconds, terminal right now. After a few seconds, terminal right now. After a few seconds, that'll bring up this beautiful UI where that'll bring up this beautiful UI where that'll bring up this beautiful UI where you can start building automation you can start building automation you can start building automation workflows. A UI that was built with workflows. A UI that was built with workflows. A UI that was built with Vue.js, by the way. We can play around Vue.js, by the way. We can play around Vue.js, by the way. We can play around with it on local host, but if you're with it on local host, but if you're with it on local host, but if you're serious, you'll want an actual server to serious, you'll want an actual server to serious, you'll want an actual server to host it. This is a serious channel. So host it. This is a serious channel. So host it. This is a serious channel. So today, we'll host it for just a few today, we'll host it for just a few today, we'll host it for just a few bucks per month on Hostinger, the bucks per month on Hostinger, the bucks per month on Hostinger, the sponsor of today's video. that they're sponsor of today's video. that they're sponsor of today's video. that they're famous for providing Linux- based famous for providing Linux- based famous for providing Linux- based virtual private servers to host all of virtual private servers to host all of virtual private servers to host all of your apps without needing big cloud your apps without needing big cloud your apps without needing big cloud providers. And it's a great place to providers. And it's a great place to providers. And it's a great place to launch our own private NADN app. And we launch our own private NADN app. And we launch our own private NADN app. And we can do that by selecting a new VPS and a can do that by selecting a new VPS and a can do that by selecting a new VPS and a region to host it in. From there, we region to host it in. From there, we region to host it in. From there, we could use a base Linux system and could use a base Linux system and could use a base Linux system and manually install N8N. But a much easier manually install N8N. But a much easier manually install N8N. But a much easier approach is to use their pre-built approach is to use their pre-built approach is to use their pre-built template. It runs Ubuntu as the template. It runs Ubuntu as the template. It runs Ubuntu as the operating system with N8N ready to go operating system with N8N ready to go operating system with N8N ready to go out of the box. Choose a password, then out of the box. Choose a password, then out of the box. Choose a password, then choose a plan for just five bucks a choose a plan for just five bucks a choose a plan for just five bucks a month. And if you're too poor to afford month. And if you're too poor to afford month. And if you're too poor to afford that, also use the code fire ship to that, also use the code fire ship to that, also use the code fire ship to save even more money. A few minutes save even more money. A few minutes save even more money. A few minutes later, we now have access to manage our later, we now have access to manage our later, we now have access to manage our VPS on the dashboard. We could SSH into VPS on the dashboard. We could SSH into VPS on the dashboard. We could SSH into the server to manage it, but there's no the server to manage it, but there's no the server to manage it, but there's no need. We can just click on this button need. We can just click on this button need. We can just click on this button to go directly to Nadn. Once you get to go directly to Nadn. Once you get to go directly to Nadn. Once you get here, you might be wondering what you do here, you might be wondering what you do here, you might be wondering what you do next. In my opinion, the first thing next. In my opinion, the first thing next. In my opinion, the first thing you'll want to check out are the you'll want to check out are the you'll want to check out are the templates. Like this one will generate templates. Like this one will generate templates. Like this one will generate AI viral videos with Nano Banana and V3 AI viral videos with Nano Banana and V3 AI viral videos with Nano Banana and V3 and then share everything on social and then share everything on social and then share everything on social media with Plateo. The actual workflows media with Plateo. The actual workflows media with Plateo. The actual workflows are just JSON based or because we now are just JSON based or because we now are just JSON based or because we now have an N8N instance deployed, we can have an N8N instance deployed, we can have an N8N instance deployed, we can import this template directly into our import this template directly into our import this template directly into our own project. This one's a bit too crazy own project. This one's a bit too crazy own project. This one's a bit too crazy for me. So, let's build a new one from for me. So, let's build a new one from for me. So, let's build a new one from scratch. On the dashboard, we have the scratch. On the dashboard, we have the scratch. On the dashboard, we have the option here to create a new node. And option here to create a new node. And option here to create a new node. And the first type of node you'll create is the first type of node you'll create is the first type of node you'll create is some type of trigger. It could be some type of trigger. It could be some type of trigger. It could be triggered manually or triggered on a triggered manually or triggered on a triggered manually or triggered on a schedule, but in many cases, you'll want schedule, but in many cases, you'll want schedule, but in many cases, you'll want to connect to some kind of third party to connect to some kind of third party to connect to some kind of third party app. As you can see, there are hundreds app. As you can see, there are hundreds app. As you can see, there are hundreds of different third party apps you can of different third party apps you can of different third party apps you can connect to. But in my case, I'm going to connect to. But in my case, I'm going to connect to. But in my case, I'm going to connect to Telegram and I want it to connect to Telegram and I want it to connect to Telegram and I want it to trigger anytime my wife sends me a trigger anytime my wife sends me a trigger anytime my wife sends me a message through this app. Just provide message through this app. Just provide message through this app. Just provide the required config info and you're good the required config info and you're good the required config info and you're good to go. Then from there, we can take the to go. Then from there, we can take the to go. Then from there, we can take the data received from the trigger and do data received from the trigger and do data received from the trigger and do all sorts of crazy stuff with it. We all sorts of crazy stuff with it. We all sorts of crazy stuff with it. We could send it off to AI to be analyzed. could send it off to AI to be analyzed. could send it off to AI to be analyzed. We could trigger an action in a We could trigger an action in a We could trigger an action in a different app and also handle things different app and also handle things different app and also handle things like conditional logic like you would like conditional logic like you would like conditional logic like you would with code. Let's go ahead and add an if with code. Let's go ahead and add an if with code. Let's go ahead and add an if branch right here. I know if my wife branch right here. I know if my wife branch right here. I know if my wife sends me this emoji that I've done sends me this emoji that I've done sends me this emoji that I've done something really bad. I can capture that something really bad. I can capture that something really bad. I can capture that data in this conditional statement by data in this conditional statement by data in this conditional statement by going to the string option and using going to the string option and using going to the string option and using contains. And now whenever I get a contains. And now whenever I get a contains. And now whenever I get a message with that emoji, I can run some message with that emoji, I can run some message with that emoji, I can run some code. Most importantly, the first way to code. Most importantly, the first way to code. Most importantly, the first way to resolve a domestic dispute is to order resolve a domestic dispute is to order resolve a domestic dispute is to order flowers. Unfortunately, there's no flowers. Unfortunately, there's no flowers. Unfortunately, there's no built-in third party apps that can do built-in third party apps that can do built-in third party apps that can do that as far as I know. But we can also that as far as I know. But we can also that as far as I know. But we can also create a node here to run any arbitrary create a node here to run any arbitrary create a node here to run any arbitrary code or hit a thirdparty API. I know a code or hit a thirdparty API. I know a code or hit a thirdparty API. I know a guy that has a flowers API, so we'll go guy that has a flowers API, so we'll go guy that has a flowers API, so we'll go ahead and use it to order flowers for ahead and use it to order flowers for ahead and use it to order flowers for immediate delivery. That's done, but immediate delivery. That's done, but immediate delivery. That's done, but it's not enough. We also need to write it's not enough. We also need to write it's not enough. We also need to write an apology letter. Now, I have no idea an apology letter. Now, I have no idea an apology letter. Now, I have no idea what I did wrong because I didn't read what I did wrong because I didn't read what I did wrong because I didn't read my wife's message, but luckily, we can my wife's message, but luckily, we can my wife's message, but luckily, we can have AI deal with that. We'll create a have AI deal with that. We'll create a have AI deal with that. We'll create a new AI agent node and give it a custom new AI agent node and give it a custom new AI agent node and give it a custom prompt to have it generate an apology prompt to have it generate an apology prompt to have it generate an apology letter. We can even have it use data letter. We can even have it use data letter. We can even have it use data from previous points in the workflow, from previous points in the workflow, from previous points in the workflow, like my wife's message, to customize the like my wife's message, to customize the like my wife's message, to customize the prompt dynamically. In addition, you'll prompt dynamically. In addition, you'll prompt dynamically. In addition, you'll notice the AI agent node allows us to notice the AI agent node allows us to notice the AI agent node allows us to choose any custom model we want, as well choose any custom model we want, as well choose any custom model we want, as well as provide data for memory and tools for as provide data for memory and tools for as provide data for memory and tools for the model context protocol. But now that the model context protocol. But now that the model context protocol. But now that we have an apology letter, we need a way we have an apology letter, we need a way we have an apology letter, we need a way to send it to her. I could do that with to send it to her. I could do that with to send it to her. I could do that with a Telegram message, but I'd rather show a Telegram message, but I'd rather show a Telegram message, but I'd rather show the world what a great husband I am by the world what a great husband I am by the world what a great husband I am by tweeting it publicly on X. That's a tweeting it publicly on X. That's a tweeting it publicly on X. That's a surefire way to resolve a domestic surefire way to resolve a domestic surefire way to resolve a domestic dispute. But just in case, we'll also dispute. But just in case, we'll also dispute. But just in case, we'll also want to make sure to record the whole want to make sure to record the whole want to make sure to record the whole interaction on Google Sheets, as this interaction on Google Sheets, as this interaction on Google Sheets, as this may come in handy in future divorce may come in handy in future divorce may come in handy in future divorce proceedings. But there's so much more we proceedings. But there's so much more we proceedings. But there's so much more we could do here when it comes to running a could do here when it comes to running a could do here when it comes to running a software as a service business. And it's software as a service business. And it's software as a service business. And it's kind of mind-blowing that we have full kind of mind-blowing that we have full kind of mind-blowing that we have full control over this on a $5 VPS. Huge control over this on a $5 VPS. Huge control over this on a $5 VPS. Huge thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring this video. And get your own VPS with a this video. And get your own VPS with a this video. And get your own VPS with a discount code using the link below. This discount code using the link below. This discount code using the link below. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for has been the Code Report. Thanks for has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
