Title: OpenAI Just Confused Everyone... Again
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Okay, let's talk about the most Okay, let's talk about the most Okay, let's talk about the most confusing part of agent kit and that's confusing part of agent kit and that's confusing part of agent kit and that's how OpenAI defines an agent. If you look how OpenAI defines an agent. If you look how OpenAI defines an agent. If you look at this, it should remind you of at this, it should remind you of at this, it should remind you of something and that should be this. You something and that should be this. You something and that should be this. You have multiple LLM calls that are chained have multiple LLM calls that are chained have multiple LLM calls that are chained together through some sort of together through some sort of together through some sort of conditional logic gate. And this is what conditional logic gate. And this is what conditional logic gate. And this is what the industry has started calling the industry has started calling the industry has started calling workflows. But now, for some reason, workflows. But now, for some reason, workflows. But now, for some reason, OpenAI is calling this an agent builder. OpenAI is calling this an agent builder. OpenAI is calling this an agent builder. And if we go back and look at the new And if we go back and look at the new And if we go back and look at the new definition of an agent from OpenAI is an definition of an agent from OpenAI is an definition of an agent from OpenAI is an a AI agent is a system that can do work a AI agent is a system that can do work a AI agent is a system that can do work independently on behalf of the user. independently on behalf of the user. independently on behalf of the user. It's extremely vague and I think it's on It's extremely vague and I think it's on It's extremely vague and I think it's on purpose. Here is the definition from purpose. Here is the definition from purpose. Here is the definition from Enthropic. So they say agents are Enthropic. So they say agents are Enthropic. So they say agents are systems where LLMs dynamically direct systems where LLMs dynamically direct systems where LLMs dynamically direct their own processes and tool usage their own processes and tool usage their own processes and tool usage maintaining control over how they can maintaining control over how they can maintaining control over how they can accomplish tasks. Now going back to accomplish tasks. Now going back to accomplish tasks. Now going back to this, it's actually a welldefined this, it's actually a welldefined this, it's actually a welldefined declarative graph where you as a user or declarative graph where you as a user or declarative graph where you as a user or developer have to define every step that developer have to define every step that developer have to define every step that the agent has to take and then set of the agent has to take and then set of the agent has to take and then set of tools that are going to be available but tools that are going to be available but tools that are going to be available but the whole flow is predefined. Now this the whole flow is predefined. Now this the whole flow is predefined. Now this is what enthropic and all of the is what enthropic and all of the is what enthropic and all of the industry are calling workflows. So they industry are calling workflows. So they industry are calling workflows. So they are system where LLMs and tools are are system where LLMs and tools are are system where LLMs and tools are orchestrated through predefined code orchestrated through predefined code orchestrated through predefined code paths. Now definition matters and if you paths. Now definition matters and if you paths. Now definition matters and if you read through their blog post it's read through their blog post it's read through their blog post it's extremely confusing. So for example extremely confusing. So for example extremely confusing. So for example they're saying design workflows with they're saying design workflows with they're saying design workflows with agent builder. Now here's the kicker. A agent builder. Now here's the kicker. A agent builder. Now here's the kicker. A few months ago openai released this a few months ago openai released this a few months ago openai released this a practical guide to building agents. Now practical guide to building agents. Now practical guide to building agents. Now in this they had this to say about in this they had this to say about in this they had this to say about declarative and non-declarative graphs. declarative and non-declarative graphs. declarative and non-declarative graphs. So they said some frameworks are So they said some frameworks are So they said some frameworks are declarative at this point they were most declarative at this point they were most declarative at this point they were most probably pointing towards lang graph. probably pointing towards lang graph. probably pointing towards lang graph. Now in here say requiring developers to Now in here say requiring developers to Now in here say requiring developers to explicitly define every branch loop and explicitly define every branch loop and explicitly define every branch loop and conditional in the workflow upfront conditional in the workflow upfront conditional in the workflow upfront through graphs consisting of nodes which through graphs consisting of nodes which through graphs consisting of nodes which are agents and edges deterministic or are agents and edges deterministic or are agents and edges deterministic or dynamic handoff. While beneficial for dynamic handoff. While beneficial for dynamic handoff. While beneficial for visual clarity, this approach can visual clarity, this approach can visual clarity, this approach can quickly become cumbersome and quickly become cumbersome and quickly become cumbersome and challenging as workflows grow more challenging as workflows grow more challenging as workflows grow more dynamic and complex, often necessitating dynamic and complex, often necessitating dynamic and complex, often necessitating the learning of specialized domain the learning of specialized domain the learning of specialized domain specific languages. Now, if you look at specific languages. Now, if you look at specific languages. Now, if you look at this, this is exactly what OpenAI is this, this is exactly what OpenAI is this, this is exactly what OpenAI is trying to do with their new agent trying to do with their new agent trying to do with their new agent builder. Now don't get me wrong, it has builder. Now don't get me wrong, it has builder. Now don't get me wrong, it has a lot of useful cases and I actually a lot of useful cases and I actually a lot of useful cases and I actually personally really like their personally really like their personally really like their implementation implementation implementation but I also agree with what they are but I also agree with what they are but I also agree with what they are saying in here. Now then they go on to saying in here. Now then they go on to saying in here. Now then they go on to say in contrast the agent SDK adopts a say in contrast the agent SDK adopts a say in contrast the agent SDK adopts a more flexible code first approach. more flexible code first approach. more flexible code first approach. Developers can directly express workflow Developers can directly express workflow Developers can directly express workflow logic using familiar programming logic using familiar programming logic using familiar programming constructs without needing to predefine constructs without needing to predefine constructs without needing to predefine the entire graph of print enabling more the entire graph of print enabling more the entire graph of print enabling more dynamic and adoptable agent dynamic and adoptable agent dynamic and adoptable agent orchestration. So with this you can orchestration. So with this you can orchestration. So with this you can actually go and generate code and is actually go and generate code and is actually go and generate code and is using the agent SDK in the back end. But using the agent SDK in the back end. But using the agent SDK in the back end. But again you are defining workflows not again you are defining workflows not again you are defining workflows not building agents. And at this point it it building agents. And at this point it it building agents. And at this point it it is probably helpful to understand what is probably helpful to understand what is probably helpful to understand what exactly a workflow is. So if you if you exactly a workflow is. So if you if you exactly a workflow is. So if you if you look at your current workflow in terms look at your current workflow in terms look at your current workflow in terms of how you solve problem, you could of how you solve problem, you could of how you solve problem, you could potentially translate that into a potentially translate that into a potentially translate that into a declarative decision graph and express declarative decision graph and express declarative decision graph and express those actions with the help of an LLM those actions with the help of an LLM those actions with the help of an LLM such as like this. The LLM can take such as like this. The LLM can take such as like this. The LLM can take decision at different points based on decision at different points based on decision at different points based on the available tools. But you as a user the available tools. But you as a user the available tools. But you as a user define what those actions and conditions define what those actions and conditions define what those actions and conditions are going to look like. And in my humble are going to look like. And in my humble are going to look like. And in my humble opinion, in most business applications, opinion, in most business applications, opinion, in most business applications, that's exactly what you want to do. that's exactly what you want to do. that's exactly what you want to do. There are different types of workflows There are different types of workflows There are different types of workflows that you can put together. And if you that you can put together. And if you that you can put together. And if you read through Enthropics blog post, they read through Enthropics blog post, they read through Enthropics blog post, they have six or seven different have six or seven different have six or seven different configurations where they explain how configurations where they explain how configurations where they explain how these workflows can uh be put together these workflows can uh be put together these workflows can uh be put together to solve specific problems. to solve specific problems. to solve specific problems. Now agents on the other hand have the Now agents on the other hand have the Now agents on the other hand have the ability to plan, take actions and modify ability to plan, take actions and modify ability to plan, take actions and modify their plan based on the feedback that their plan based on the feedback that their plan based on the feedback that they get from the environment or the they get from the environment or the they get from the environment or the results of those actions. So here's a results of those actions. So here's a results of those actions. So here's a quick example of what those actions and quick example of what those actions and quick example of what those actions and the results could look like. So let's the results could look like. So let's the results could look like. So let's say you have a number of different tools say you have a number of different tools say you have a number of different tools that are available to the model. Sele that are available to the model. Sele that are available to the model. Sele the model can select a specific tool the model can select a specific tool the model can select a specific tool based on its needs that is going to go based on its needs that is going to go based on its needs that is going to go to the context of the model. Then the to the context of the model. Then the to the context of the model. Then the model takes action. The tool call model takes action. The tool call model takes action. The tool call generates the results that goes to the generates the results that goes to the generates the results that goes to the history of the model and then based on history of the model and then based on history of the model and then based on those observations the LLM can update those observations the LLM can update those observations the LLM can update its plan and take more actions. So there its plan and take more actions. So there its plan and take more actions. So there is a lot more flexibility in autonomous is a lot more flexibility in autonomous is a lot more flexibility in autonomous agents and we have seen very interesting agents and we have seen very interesting agents and we have seen very interesting response to OpenAI's workflow builder or response to OpenAI's workflow builder or response to OpenAI's workflow builder or agent builder. So here's a very agent builder. So here's a very agent builder. So here's a very interesting blog post from Harrison interesting blog post from Harrison interesting blog post from Harrison Chase who is the CEO of Langchain and I Chase who is the CEO of Langchain and I Chase who is the CEO of Langchain and I think it in this he highlights a few think it in this he highlights a few think it in this he highlights a few issues with visual workflow builders. So issues with visual workflow builders. So issues with visual workflow builders. So first of all they are not low barrier to first of all they are not low barrier to first of all they are not low barrier to entry. So here argue that despite being entry. So here argue that despite being entry. So here argue that despite being built for mass audience, it is still not built for mass audience, it is still not built for mass audience, it is still not easy for average non-technical user to easy for average non-technical user to easy for average non-technical user to use them. Which kind of goes back to the use them. Which kind of goes back to the use them. Which kind of goes back to the point that OpenAI was making a few point that OpenAI was making a few point that OpenAI was making a few months ago. And the second point that he months ago. And the second point that he months ago. And the second point that he highlights is complex tasks quickly highlights is complex tasks quickly highlights is complex tasks quickly become too complicated to manage in become too complicated to manage in become too complicated to manage in visual builder which again is a valid visual builder which again is a valid visual builder which again is a valid criticism of visual builders. Now in criticism of visual builders. Now in criticism of visual builders. Now in here he is making a case for langraph here he is making a case for langraph here he is making a case for langraph right. So take it with a grain of salt right. So take it with a grain of salt right. So take it with a grain of salt but time will tell. One thing which I but time will tell. One thing which I but time will tell. One thing which I also want to highlight is that some also want to highlight is that some also want to highlight is that some people think that agent builder will people think that agent builder will people think that agent builder will probably kill a number of different probably kill a number of different probably kill a number of different visual builders which I don't think is visual builders which I don't think is visual builders which I don't think is the case. Specifically, people talk the case. Specifically, people talk the case. Specifically, people talk about tools like Zapier, Make Natn, about tools like Zapier, Make Natn, about tools like Zapier, Make Natn, right? But if you look at some of the right? But if you look at some of the right? But if you look at some of the MCPs, they actually have support for MCPs, they actually have support for MCPs, they actually have support for Zapier, which makes it extremely Zapier, which makes it extremely Zapier, which makes it extremely powerful because it enables the powerful because it enables the powerful because it enables the connectors or integrations Zapier has connectors or integrations Zapier has connectors or integrations Zapier has that you can actually bring into that you can actually bring into that you can actually bring into OpenAI's agent builder or agent kit. OpenAI's agent builder or agent kit. OpenAI's agent builder or agent kit. Now, since everything is through an MCP, Now, since everything is through an MCP, Now, since everything is through an MCP, you can theoretically bring in a lot you can theoretically bring in a lot you can theoretically bring in a lot more than the current list that they more than the current list that they more than the current list that they have, but time will tell how effective have, but time will tell how effective have, but time will tell how effective this new agent kit is going to be. I this new agent kit is going to be. I this new agent kit is going to be. I personally think that although it is personally think that although it is personally think that although it is advertised to developers, probably it's advertised to developers, probably it's advertised to developers, probably it's not specifically for developers, not specifically for developers, not specifically for developers, developers probably want a lot more developers probably want a lot more developers probably want a lot more control than a visual builder. control than a visual builder. control than a visual builder. Now, time will tell because they also Now, time will tell because they also Now, time will tell because they also have pretty neat features in terms of have pretty neat features in terms of have pretty neat features in terms of you can build evals and the integration you can build evals and the integration you can build evals and the integration seems to be pretty smooth. However, keep seems to be pretty smooth. However, keep seems to be pretty smooth. However, keep in mind if you're using OpenAI agent in mind if you're using OpenAI agent in mind if you're using OpenAI agent kit, it has very strong vendor lock in kit, it has very strong vendor lock in kit, it has very strong vendor lock in and that means since it's an OpenAI and that means since it's an OpenAI and that means since it's an OpenAI product, you are limited to OpenAI product, you are limited to OpenAI product, you are limited to OpenAI models. models. models. But since it has support for MCPS, you But since it has support for MCPS, you But since it has support for MCPS, you can theoretically bring in other models. can theoretically bring in other models. can theoretically bring in other models. Although they were not going to be Although they were not going to be Although they were not going to be driving the overall flow or structure. driving the overall flow or structure. driving the overall flow or structure. But I think since it's built on top of But I think since it's built on top of But I think since it's built on top of agents SDK, there might be a way around agents SDK, there might be a way around agents SDK, there might be a way around it that you build a workflow here, test it that you build a workflow here, test it that you build a workflow here, test it, and then potentially replace the it, and then potentially replace the it, and then potentially replace the models with other models. We'll have to models with other models. We'll have to models with other models. We'll have to test whether that is going to work or test whether that is going to work or test whether that is going to work or not. Anyways, do let me know what you not. Anyways, do let me know what you not. Anyways, do let me know what you think about agent kit and agents in think about agent kit and agents in think about agent kit and agents in general. How do you see the difference general. How do you see the difference general. How do you see the difference between workflows and autonomous agents? between workflows and autonomous agents? between workflows and autonomous agents? Let me know your thoughts in the comment Let me know your thoughts in the comment Let me know your thoughts in the comment section below. Anyways, I hope you found section below. Anyways, I hope you found section below. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for watching this video useful. Thanks for watching this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
