Title: OpenAI just made your entire tech stack obsolete...
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday at OpenAI dev day, Sam Waltman Yesterday at OpenAI dev day, Sam Waltman Yesterday at OpenAI dev day, Sam Waltman walked on the stage in San Francisco and walked on the stage in San Francisco and walked on the stage in San Francisco and said, "Your entire tech stack is said, "Your entire tech stack is said, "Your entire tech stack is deprecated." That's not a direct quote. deprecated." That's not a direct quote. deprecated." That's not a direct quote. I'm just paraphrasing. But we have about I'm just paraphrasing. But we have about I'm just paraphrasing. But we have about a half dozen newly released features a half dozen newly released features a half dozen newly released features that will change the way developers that will change the way developers that will change the way developers build AI powered apps in the future. The build AI powered apps in the future. The build AI powered apps in the future. The biggest bet OpenAI is making is turning biggest bet OpenAI is making is turning biggest bet OpenAI is making is turning Chat GPT into an app platform, which Chat GPT into an app platform, which Chat GPT into an app platform, which means you no longer have to use means you no longer have to use means you no longer have to use old-fashioned websites or mobile apps old-fashioned websites or mobile apps old-fashioned websites or mobile apps like a boomer. The goal is to make chat like a boomer. The goal is to make chat like a boomer. The goal is to make chat GPT like an operating system that you're GPT like an operating system that you're GPT like an operating system that you're completely locked into. Imagine this. completely locked into. Imagine this. completely locked into. Imagine this. You want to play your favorite song on You want to play your favorite song on You want to play your favorite song on Spotify, like I'm quitting Prozac to Spotify, like I'm quitting Prozac to Spotify, like I'm quitting Prozac to continue drinking by 19-year-old pop continue drinking by 19-year-old pop continue drinking by 19-year-old pop sensation Jimmy Brown. In the future, sensation Jimmy Brown. In the future, sensation Jimmy Brown. In the future, you no longer need to open the Spotify you no longer need to open the Spotify you no longer need to open the Spotify app and hit the play button. Instead, app and hit the play button. Instead, app and hit the play button. Instead, you can simply open the Chat GPT app and you can simply open the Chat GPT app and you can simply open the Chat GPT app and type out an awkward prompt to tell Chat type out an awkward prompt to tell Chat type out an awkward prompt to tell Chat GPT to push the button for you. Looks GPT to push the button for you. Looks GPT to push the button for you. Looks like the future of AI is going to skip like the future of AI is going to skip like the future of AI is going to skip the Great Robot War of 2029 prophesized the Great Robot War of 2029 prophesized the Great Robot War of 2029 prophesized in Terminator and go straight to the in Terminator and go straight to the in Terminator and go straight to the year of 255 prophesized in Idiocracy. year of 255 prophesized in Idiocracy. year of 255 prophesized in Idiocracy. Well, there plenty of tards out there Well, there plenty of tards out there Well, there plenty of tards out there living really kick-ass lives. living really kick-ass lives. living really kick-ass lives. But developers who ride the chat GPT But developers who ride the chat GPT But developers who ride the chat GPT apps wave early stand to make tons of apps wave early stand to make tons of apps wave early stand to make tons of money from the massive distribution money from the massive distribution money from the massive distribution opportunity of their 800 million weekly opportunity of their 800 million weekly opportunity of their 800 million weekly active users. But apps and chat GPT active users. But apps and chat GPT active users. But apps and chat GPT isn't the most interesting announcement. isn't the most interesting announcement. isn't the most interesting announcement. You also need to know about agent kit You also need to know about agent kit You also need to know about agent kit codecs with GitHub actions, new models codecs with GitHub actions, new models codecs with GitHub actions, new models for poor people, and some big updates to for poor people, and some big updates to for poor people, and some big updates to the API. It is October 7th, 2025, and the API. It is October 7th, 2025, and the API. It is October 7th, 2025, and you're watching the code report. First, you're watching the code report. First, you're watching the code report. First, let's talk more about apps and chat GPT. let's talk more about apps and chat GPT. let's talk more about apps and chat GPT. remember GPT plugins from a couple years remember GPT plugins from a couple years remember GPT plugins from a couple years ago? They died. Then they tried a slight ago? They died. Then they tried a slight ago? They died. Then they tried a slight variation GPTs, but they're also pretty variation GPTs, but they're also pretty variation GPTs, but they're also pretty much dead. And now they're trying apps much dead. And now they're trying apps much dead. And now they're trying apps and chat GPT because the third time's a and chat GPT because the third time's a and chat GPT because the third time's a charm. Right. Right now it's only being charm. Right. Right now it's only being charm. Right. Right now it's only being triled by big apps you probably triled by big apps you probably triled by big apps you probably recognize. And I think it could work recognize. And I think it could work recognize. And I think it could work really well for things like Zillow. Like really well for things like Zillow. Like really well for things like Zillow. Like this guy paid his realtor $50,000 for this guy paid his realtor $50,000 for this guy paid his realtor $50,000 for this million-doll home in San Francisco. this million-doll home in San Francisco. this million-doll home in San Francisco. When in reality, Chat GPT could have When in reality, Chat GPT could have When in reality, Chat GPT could have done a better job faster. However, I'm done a better job faster. However, I'm done a better job faster. However, I'm also pretty bearish on apps and chat GPT also pretty bearish on apps and chat GPT also pretty bearish on apps and chat GPT because in most cases, I'd rather just because in most cases, I'd rather just because in most cases, I'd rather just use an app's UI than rope in a chatbot use an app's UI than rope in a chatbot use an app's UI than rope in a chatbot to over complicate things. The next to over complicate things. The next to over complicate things. The next thing you should know about are updates thing you should know about are updates thing you should know about are updates to the OpenAI API. Both Sora 2 and GPT5 to the OpenAI API. Both Sora 2 and GPT5 to the OpenAI API. Both Sora 2 and GPT5 Pro are now available in the API, which Pro are now available in the API, which Pro are now available in the API, which means you can start lighting money on means you can start lighting money on means you can start lighting money on fire trying to build your own AI powered fire trying to build your own AI powered fire trying to build your own AI powered and shitification accelerator. The Sora and shitification accelerator. The Sora and shitification accelerator. The Sora 2 costs 50 cents per 1 second of 2 costs 50 cents per 1 second of 2 costs 50 cents per 1 second of highquality video or about $1,800 to highquality video or about $1,800 to highquality video or about $1,800 to slop out a 1-hour movie that nobody's slop out a 1-hour movie that nobody's slop out a 1-hour movie that nobody's going to watch. In addition, if you're going to watch. In addition, if you're going to watch. In addition, if you're implementing voice or image generation implementing voice or image generation implementing voice or image generation features, there's now two smaller models features, there's now two smaller models features, there's now two smaller models that are far less expensive than the that are far less expensive than the that are far less expensive than the alternatives, but pretty cool. But one alternatives, but pretty cool. But one alternatives, but pretty cool. But one of the greatest life hacks for of the greatest life hacks for of the greatest life hacks for developers is to stop wasting time on developers is to stop wasting time on developers is to stop wasting time on code reviews. OpenAI just released a code reviews. OpenAI just released a code reviews. OpenAI just released a GitHub action for codecs that will GitHub action for codecs that will GitHub action for codecs that will automatically review code quality every automatically review code quality every automatically review code quality every time you make a new PR on GitHub. And time you make a new PR on GitHub. And time you make a new PR on GitHub. And not just that, but you could also use it not just that, but you could also use it not just that, but you could also use it to scan for security flaws, write to scan for security flaws, write to scan for security flaws, write documentation, and a bunch of other documentation, and a bunch of other documentation, and a bunch of other stuff. The coolest thing announced stuff. The coolest thing announced stuff. The coolest thing announced yesterday though is agent kit, a unified yesterday though is agent kit, a unified yesterday though is agent kit, a unified set of tools where developers can build, set of tools where developers can build, set of tools where developers can build, deploy, and optimize agents. Just a few deploy, and optimize agents. Just a few deploy, and optimize agents. Just a few days ago, I was talking about how days ago, I was talking about how days ago, I was talking about how awesome N8N was as a Zapier alternative, awesome N8N was as a Zapier alternative, awesome N8N was as a Zapier alternative, while now Agent Kit drops as the NAN while now Agent Kit drops as the NAN while now Agent Kit drops as the NAN alternative for building AI apps. It alternative for building AI apps. It alternative for building AI apps. It gives you a flowchart style canvas where gives you a flowchart style canvas where gives you a flowchart style canvas where you can implement the logic for your app you can implement the logic for your app you can implement the logic for your app without stitching together a bunch of without stitching together a bunch of without stitching together a bunch of code manually. On one hand, this tool code manually. On one hand, this tool code manually. On one hand, this tool has a lot of potential because it gives has a lot of potential because it gives has a lot of potential because it gives non-engineers the ability to build non-engineers the ability to build non-engineers the ability to build non-trivial apps. But on the other hand, non-trivial apps. But on the other hand, non-trivial apps. But on the other hand, no code tools like this always have a no code tools like this always have a no code tools like this always have a complexity ceiling that eventually complexity ceiling that eventually complexity ceiling that eventually requires a real human programmer to come requires a real human programmer to come requires a real human programmer to come in and tear the entire thing down and in and tear the entire thing down and in and tear the entire thing down and build it properly with actual code. In build it properly with actual code. In build it properly with actual code. In any case, it's a legit new tool that you any case, it's a legit new tool that you any case, it's a legit new tool that you should have on your radar. Speaking of should have on your radar. Speaking of should have on your radar. Speaking of which, you also need to know what Jet which, you also need to know what Jet which, you also need to know what Jet Brains is up to, the sponsor of today's Brains is up to, the sponsor of today's Brains is up to, the sponsor of today's video. They just launched a new AI video. They just launched a new AI video. They just launched a new AI coding agent called Juny that's tightly coding agent called Juny that's tightly coding agent called Juny that's tightly integrated with the Jet Brains IDE and integrated with the Jet Brains IDE and integrated with the Jet Brains IDE and can understand the context of your can understand the context of your can understand the context of your entire codebase. This allows it to fit entire codebase. This allows it to fit entire codebase. This allows it to fit seamlessly into your workflow is so you seamlessly into your workflow is so you seamlessly into your workflow is so you can have it complete realworld jobs at can have it complete realworld jobs at can have it complete realworld jobs at your job without the need to context your job without the need to context your job without the need to context switch between multiple tools. I've been switch between multiple tools. I've been switch between multiple tools. I've been using Juni on my own side project that using Juni on my own side project that using Juni on my own side project that has a bunch of complex geospatial data. has a bunch of complex geospatial data. has a bunch of complex geospatial data. And my honest opinion is that it's a And my honest opinion is that it's a And my honest opinion is that it's a little bit slower than other codegen little bit slower than other codegen little bit slower than other codegen tools I've tried, but it handles context tools I've tried, but it handles context tools I've tried, but it handles context and accuracy extremely well on a big and accuracy extremely well on a big and accuracy extremely well on a big project. That's huge if you're on a big project. That's huge if you're on a big project. That's huge if you're on a big team and it integrates well with team and it integrates well with team and it integrates well with external platforms like GitHub where you external platforms like GitHub where you external platforms like GitHub where you can assign multiple jobs to Juny at the can assign multiple jobs to Juny at the can assign multiple jobs to Juny at the same time and have it complete all of same time and have it complete all of same time and have it complete all of them asynchronously. Use the link below them asynchronously. Use the link below them asynchronously. Use the link below to try out Juny for yourself today. This to try out Juny for yourself today. This to try out Juny for yourself today. This has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next one.
