Title: OpenAI Just Dropped A New Coding Model for Developers
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

OpenAI just released a new version of OpenAI just released a new version of OpenAI just released a new version of GPD5 specially trained for coding. This GPD5 specially trained for coding. This GPD5 specially trained for coding. This is exclusively available within their is exclusively available within their is exclusively available within their codeex environment. You can access it in codeex environment. You can access it in codeex environment. You can access it in terminal in an IDE and on web and this terminal in an IDE and on web and this terminal in an IDE and on web and this is much better at code reviews than the is much better at code reviews than the is much better at code reviews than the previous versions. So it's really previous versions. So it's really previous versions. So it's really specialized specifically for coding. It specialized specifically for coding. It specialized specifically for coding. It seems to be much better at coding tasks seems to be much better at coding tasks seems to be much better at coding tasks even compared to GPT5 on high settings even compared to GPT5 on high settings even compared to GPT5 on high settings and for complex tasks it can run and for complex tasks it can run and for complex tasks it can run independently for more than 7 hours. So independently for more than 7 hours. So independently for more than 7 hours. So long horizon coding tasks are in reach long horizon coding tasks are in reach long horizon coding tasks are in reach now. So this is a specialized optimized now. So this is a specialized optimized now. So this is a specialized optimized version of GPT5 which they're calling version of GPT5 which they're calling version of GPT5 which they're calling GPT5 codeex. They really need to work on GPT5 codeex. They really need to work on GPT5 codeex. They really need to work on their naming. It's getting really their naming. It's getting really their naming. It's getting really confusing. But this is a specialized confusing. But this is a specialized confusing. But this is a specialized model trained for real world software model trained for real world software model trained for real world software engineering workflows. And you're going engineering workflows. And you're going engineering workflows. And you're going to see later in the video that they have to see later in the video that they have to see later in the video that they have focused on real world software focused on real world software focused on real world software engineering tasks including code reviews engineering tasks including code reviews engineering tasks including code reviews and it's a much better at long horizon and it's a much better at long horizon and it's a much better at long horizon tasks. tasks. tasks. So CEX is now available everywhere. So So CEX is now available everywhere. So So CEX is now available everywhere. So there is a cloud version within chat there is a cloud version within chat there is a cloud version within chat GPT. There is even a code review version GPT. There is even a code review version GPT. There is even a code review version and you can use it either through the and you can use it either through the and you can use it either through the CLI or IDE extension. I think it's CLI or IDE extension. I think it's CLI or IDE extension. I think it's available in VS code and cursor at the available in VS code and cursor at the available in VS code and cursor at the moment and it's part of your chart GPT moment and it's part of your chart GPT moment and it's part of your chart GPT subscription. So it's going to be subscription. So it's going to be subscription. So it's going to be available to plus pro business education available to plus pro business education available to plus pro business education and enterprise plans. You don't have to and enterprise plans. You don't have to and enterprise plans. You don't have to pay anything extra. Keep in mind there pay anything extra. Keep in mind there pay anything extra. Keep in mind there are some rate limits but I think they are some rate limits but I think they are some rate limits but I think they are pretty generous. So first a quick are pretty generous. So first a quick are pretty generous. So first a quick look at some benchmarks. The first one look at some benchmarks. The first one look at some benchmarks. The first one that they have reported is the sweep that they have reported is the sweep that they have reported is the sweep bench verified. It seems to be a couple bench verified. It seems to be a couple bench verified. It seems to be a couple of percent better than the existing GPD of percent better than the existing GPD of percent better than the existing GPD 5 on high settings. It also has the same 5 on high settings. It also has the same 5 on high settings. It also has the same reasoning efforts, low, medium, high. reasoning efforts, low, medium, high. reasoning efforts, low, medium, high. [snorts] Now, something you will notice [snorts] Now, something you will notice [snorts] Now, something you will notice is that this is not the actual reported is that this is not the actual reported is that this is not the actual reported score of GPT5 Hive. Actually, if you go score of GPT5 Hive. Actually, if you go score of GPT5 Hive. Actually, if you go back to the initial announcement of back to the initial announcement of back to the initial announcement of GBD5, it was 74.9% GBD5, it was 74.9% GBD5, it was 74.9% on the Sweepbench verified. But you'll on the Sweepbench verified. But you'll on the Sweepbench verified. But you'll notice that it was using only 477 notice that it was using only 477 notice that it was using only 477 questions out of the 500s that are questions out of the 500s that are questions out of the 500s that are available on Sweepbench verified. In available on Sweepbench verified. In available on Sweepbench verified. In fact, any previous model that was fact, any previous model that was fact, any previous model that was trained and tested on Sweepbench trained and tested on Sweepbench trained and tested on Sweepbench verified from OpenAI were tested on 477 verified from OpenAI were tested on 477 verified from OpenAI were tested on 477 questions. But now for this test they questions. But now for this test they questions. But now for this test they are testing it on all 500 questions and are testing it on all 500 questions and are testing it on all 500 questions and you can actually see that the GBT 5 high you can actually see that the GBT 5 high you can actually see that the GBT 5 high has a huge performance decrease. So it has a huge performance decrease. So it has a huge performance decrease. So it seems like for the remaining 22 seems like for the remaining 22 seems like for the remaining 22 questions GPT5 questions GPT5 questions GPT5 is struggling a lot and same seems to be is struggling a lot and same seems to be is struggling a lot and same seems to be the case with GPT5 codeex on high the case with GPT5 codeex on high the case with GPT5 codeex on high settings as well because it's not able settings as well because it's not able settings as well because it's not able to even beat this score. So that being to even beat this score. So that being to even beat this score. So that being said, 23 questions are still a said, 23 questions are still a said, 23 questions are still a significant portion and I'm actually significant portion and I'm actually significant portion and I'm actually glad that they started adding those. Now glad that they started adding those. Now glad that they started adding those. Now when it comes to code refactoring tasks, when it comes to code refactoring tasks, when it comes to code refactoring tasks, it's easily I would say 50% better than it's easily I would say 50% better than it's easily I would say 50% better than GPD5 on high settings, which is pretty GPD5 on high settings, which is pretty GPD5 on high settings, which is pretty incredible. But I personally think this incredible. But I personally think this incredible. But I personally think this is the most important chart of this is the most important chart of this is the most important chart of this release. And it really shows where these release. And it really shows where these release. And it really shows where these coding agents are going. In order to coding agents are going. In order to coding agents are going. In order to explain that chart, let's look at this. explain that chart, let's look at this. explain that chart, let's look at this. So according to them, for the bottom 10% So according to them, for the bottom 10% So according to them, for the bottom 10% of the user turns in terms of the number of the user turns in terms of the number of the user turns in terms of the number of tokens generated, GPD5 uses of tokens generated, GPD5 uses of tokens generated, GPD5 uses 93% or almost 94% fewer tokens than 93% or almost 94% fewer tokens than 93% or almost 94% fewer tokens than GPD5. GPD5 codeex. But for the top 10%, GPD5. GPD5 codeex. But for the top 10%, GPD5. GPD5 codeex. But for the top 10%, GPD5 codeex thinks more spending twice GPD5 codeex thinks more spending twice GPD5 codeex thinks more spending twice as long and editing, testing, and as long and editing, testing, and as long and editing, testing, and iterating. So if you look here, this has iterating. So if you look here, this has iterating. So if you look here, this has the ability to dynamically select the the ability to dynamically select the the ability to dynamically select the reasoning effort and then also how many reasoning effort and then also how many reasoning effort and then also how many tokens it's going to generate. So for tokens it's going to generate. So for tokens it's going to generate. So for low reasoning or low effort tasks, it's low reasoning or low effort tasks, it's low reasoning or low effort tasks, it's generating a lot a lot less tokens generating a lot a lot less tokens generating a lot a lot less tokens compared to GPD5. But where the compared to GPD5. But where the compared to GPD5. But where the complexity of the task increases, it's complexity of the task increases, it's complexity of the task increases, it's generating almost twice the number of generating almost twice the number of generating almost twice the number of tokens of GPD5. Now hopefully these are tokens of GPD5. Now hopefully these are tokens of GPD5. Now hopefully these are useful tokens based on the results that useful tokens based on the results that useful tokens based on the results that we saw from the benchmarks but you can we saw from the benchmarks but you can we saw from the benchmarks but you can actually see that the model has the actually see that the model has the actually see that the model has the ability now to think longer for complex ability now to think longer for complex ability now to think longer for complex tasks and this is one of the promise of tasks and this is one of the promise of tasks and this is one of the promise of GBT5 type of models that they are going GBT5 type of models that they are going GBT5 type of models that they are going to have this dynamic routing but here to have this dynamic routing but here to have this dynamic routing but here even it's dynamically selecting the even it's dynamically selecting the even it's dynamically selecting the effort that is going to put in based on effort that is going to put in based on effort that is going to put in based on the complexity of the task. So here they the complexity of the task. So here they the complexity of the task. So here they say GP5 codeex adopts how much time it say GP5 codeex adopts how much time it say GP5 codeex adopts how much time it spends thinking more dynamically based spends thinking more dynamically based spends thinking more dynamically based on the complexity of the task. As I said on the complexity of the task. As I said on the complexity of the task. As I said this is going to be pretty incredible if this is going to be pretty incredible if this is going to be pretty incredible if it works and the model combines two it works and the model combines two it works and the model combines two essential skills for coding agents. So essential skills for coding agents. So essential skills for coding agents. So pairing with developers in interactive pairing with developers in interactive pairing with developers in interactive sessions. So you can actually use it as sessions. So you can actually use it as sessions. So you can actually use it as a chat model and then you can offload a chat model and then you can offload a chat model and then you can offload the work which the model can do the work which the model can do the work which the model can do independently for longer tasks. And the independently for longer tasks. And the independently for longer tasks. And the beauty of Codex as a product is that you beauty of Codex as a product is that you beauty of Codex as a product is that you can run it locally on CLI and then if can run it locally on CLI and then if can run it locally on CLI and then if you want you can just offload some tasks you want you can just offload some tasks you want you can just offload some tasks to the cloud version which runs in the to the cloud version which runs in the to the cloud version which runs in the cloud independent of your input which is cloud independent of your input which is cloud independent of your input which is a pretty great user experience. Another a pretty great user experience. Another a pretty great user experience. Another aspect that they have specifically aspect that they have specifically aspect that they have specifically focused on is code reviews. Now software focused on is code reviews. Now software focused on is code reviews. Now software engineers do a lot of code reviews. So engineers do a lot of code reviews. So engineers do a lot of code reviews. So they say that GPT5 codex has been they say that GPT5 codex has been they say that GPT5 codex has been trained specifically for conducting code trained specifically for conducting code trained specifically for conducting code reviews and finding critical flaws. When reviews and finding critical flaws. When reviews and finding critical flaws. When reviewing it navigates your codebase reviewing it navigates your codebase reviewing it navigates your codebase reasons through dependencies and runs reasons through dependencies and runs reasons through dependencies and runs your code and tests it in order to your code and tests it in order to your code and tests it in order to validate correctness. I personally have validate correctness. I personally have validate correctness. I personally have been mostly using clot code but I am been mostly using clot code but I am been mostly using clot code but I am going to definitely try GBD5 codecs and going to definitely try GBD5 codecs and going to definitely try GBD5 codecs and see how good this model is. So based on see how good this model is. So based on see how good this model is. So based on their internal benchmarks, the number of their internal benchmarks, the number of their internal benchmarks, the number of incorrect comments has reduced incorrect comments has reduced incorrect comments has reduced substantially. It went from 13% all the substantially. It went from 13% all the substantially. It went from 13% all the way down to almost 4% which is pretty way down to almost 4% which is pretty way down to almost 4% which is pretty incredible. The number of high impact incredible. The number of high impact incredible. The number of high impact comments generated by GPT5 codeex comments generated by GPT5 codeex comments generated by GPT5 codeex compared to GPT5 has increased again by compared to GPT5 has increased again by compared to GPT5 has increased again by a good 12 to 13%. And that being said a good 12 to 13%. And that being said a good 12 to 13%. And that being said that it has actually reduced the average that it has actually reduced the average that it has actually reduced the average number of comments per PR which is number of comments per PR which is number of comments per PR which is pretty good as well. Now these updates pretty good as well. Now these updates pretty good as well. Now these updates are available in CEX CLI. You can also are available in CEX CLI. You can also are available in CEX CLI. You can also use this as a part of IDE. For example, use this as a part of IDE. For example, use this as a part of IDE. For example, VS code and cursel have support for VS code and cursel have support for VS code and cursel have support for codec cla but I don't know how the codec cla but I don't know how the codec cla but I don't know how the experience is going to be because I experience is going to be because I experience is going to be because I think these are different integrations. think these are different integrations. think these are different integrations. Although the underlying model is the Although the underlying model is the Although the underlying model is the same, but depending on the interface same, but depending on the interface same, but depending on the interface that you're using, I think you may run that you're using, I think you may run that you're using, I think you may run into different experience. From what I into different experience. From what I into different experience. From what I have seen and heard, Codex CLI seems to have seen and heard, Codex CLI seems to have seen and heard, Codex CLI seems to be the purest experience where you can be the purest experience where you can be the purest experience where you can get the best results. So, I'm going to get the best results. So, I'm going to get the best results. So, I'm going to do some tests with Codeex CLI and Codeex do some tests with Codeex CLI and Codeex do some tests with Codeex CLI and Codeex in the IDE and we'll probably report in the IDE and we'll probably report in the IDE and we'll probably report this in another video. people who had this in another video. people who had this in another video. people who had early access to this model seems to early access to this model seems to early access to this model seems to really like it and open aim. I'm also really like it and open aim. I'm also really like it and open aim. I'm also open to early access. Okay. So here is open to early access. Okay. So here is open to early access. Okay. So here is Dan. I think he is part of the every or Dan. I think he is part of the every or Dan. I think he is part of the every or CEO or co-founder of every. So he says CEO or co-founder of every. So he says CEO or co-founder of every. So he says there are two important things. Dynamic there are two important things. Dynamic there are two important things. Dynamic thinking time. They moved this pattern thinking time. They moved this pattern thinking time. They moved this pattern from Chad GPT to their coding model. from Chad GPT to their coding model. from Chad GPT to their coding model. It's going to be standard going forward. It's going to be standard going forward. It's going to be standard going forward. Right? So the model itself can decide Right? So the model itself can decide Right? So the model itself can decide how much thinking effort it needs to how much thinking effort it needs to how much thinking effort it needs to spend based on the complexity of the spend based on the complexity of the spend based on the complexity of the task and then local to web handoff. So task and then local to web handoff. So task and then local to web handoff. So your agent should be with you with full your agent should be with you with full your agent should be with you with full context wherever you use it. Now the context wherever you use it. Now the context wherever you use it. Now the beauty is that you can start a task in a beauty is that you can start a task in a beauty is that you can start a task in a CLI and then hand it off to the web CLI and then hand it off to the web CLI and then hand it off to the web version of codeex and according to these version of codeex and according to these version of codeex and according to these reports it seems to be working. So by reports it seems to be working. So by reports it seems to be working. So by default, Codex runs in a sandbox default, Codex runs in a sandbox default, Codex runs in a sandbox environment with network access environment with network access environment with network access disabled. This is for the safety because disabled. This is for the safety because disabled. This is for the safety because it's going to be running code and you it's going to be running code and you it's going to be running code and you don't want the agent to run either don't want the agent to run either don't want the agent to run either malicious code or perform some malicious code or perform some malicious code or perform some destructive actions. It's a similar destructive actions. It's a similar destructive actions. It's a similar pattern that we have seen in other CLIs pattern that we have seen in other CLIs pattern that we have seen in other CLIs including clot code, Gemini CLI and I including clot code, Gemini CLI and I including clot code, Gemini CLI and I think that is the right way to go now think that is the right way to go now think that is the right way to go now with these updates. Codex CLI definitely with these updates. Codex CLI definitely with these updates. Codex CLI definitely is catching up to clot code which is is catching up to clot code which is is catching up to clot code which is great for us customers and consumers. great for us customers and consumers. great for us customers and consumers. Now pricing and availability. So this is Now pricing and availability. So this is Now pricing and availability. So this is part of chartp plus pro business part of chartp plus pro business part of chartp plus pro business education in enterprise. I think they education in enterprise. I think they education in enterprise. I think they have pretty generous rate limits for have pretty generous rate limits for have pretty generous rate limits for each of these, but they say that with each of these, but they say that with each of these, but they say that with plus edu and business seats can cover a plus edu and business seats can cover a plus edu and business seats can cover a few focused coding sessions each week few focused coding sessions each week few focused coding sessions each week while pro can support a full work week while pro can support a full work week while pro can support a full work week across multiple projects. Right? So do across multiple projects. Right? So do across multiple projects. Right? So do check it out and see if you run into any check it out and see if you run into any check it out and see if you run into any issues. Now this does not seem to be issues. Now this does not seem to be issues. Now this does not seem to be available through API yet. They say for available through API yet. They say for available through API yet. They say for developers using Codex CLI via the API, developers using Codex CLI via the API, developers using Codex CLI via the API, we plan to make GPD5 CEX available in we plan to make GPD5 CEX available in we plan to make GPD5 CEX available in the API soon. So, I think it's going to the API soon. So, I think it's going to the API soon. So, I think it's going to be available pretty soon. Okay, I'm be available pretty soon. Okay, I'm be available pretty soon. Okay, I'm going to be testing GPD5 codecs in going to be testing GPD5 codecs in going to be testing GPD5 codecs in Codeex CLI. It's really hard to keep Codeex CLI. It's really hard to keep Codeex CLI. It's really hard to keep track of how many codecs there are. track of how many codecs there are. track of how many codecs there are. Watch out for the that video. Anyways, I Watch out for the that video. Anyways, I Watch out for the that video. Anyways, I hope you find this video useful. Thanks hope you find this video useful. Thanks hope you find this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in for watching and as always, see you in for watching and as always, see you in the next
