Title: The 7 essential skills that every AI DEV needs to know!
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

Is AI making programmers faster? Most Is AI making programmers faster? Most Is AI making programmers faster? Most people think so. However, this study people think so. However, this study people think so. However, this study says otherwise. So, I read the entire 50 says otherwise. So, I read the entire 50 says otherwise. So, I read the entire 50 pages to figure out why are some pages to figure out why are some pages to figure out why are some developers slower when using AI and what developers slower when using AI and what developers slower when using AI and what can we do to not make those mistakes. can we do to not make those mistakes. can we do to not make those mistakes. This is the main study by company called This is the main study by company called This is the main study by company called Meter. And these guys have worked both Meter. And these guys have worked both Meter. And these guys have worked both with OpenAI and Anthropic. So, they're with OpenAI and Anthropic. So, they're with OpenAI and Anthropic. So, they're pretty legit. Now, before the study, the pretty legit. Now, before the study, the pretty legit. Now, before the study, the researchers predicted that AI will speed researchers predicted that AI will speed researchers predicted that AI will speed up the developers by 24%. Surprisingly, up the developers by 24%. Surprisingly, up the developers by 24%. Surprisingly, the AI tools actually slowed them down the AI tools actually slowed them down the AI tools actually slowed them down by 19%. So, I'm not going to waste your by 19%. So, I'm not going to waste your by 19%. So, I'm not going to waste your time. I'm just going to show you the time. I'm just going to show you the time. I'm just going to show you the results. This is the impact that using results. This is the impact that using results. This is the impact that using AI had. There are actually some AI had. There are actually some AI had. There are actually some additional costs when using AI, such as additional costs when using AI, such as additional costs when using AI, such as reviewing the AI output, prompting, or reviewing the AI output, prompting, or reviewing the AI output, prompting, or waiting on AI that slow the developers waiting on AI that slow the developers waiting on AI that slow the developers down even further. This is why I'm down even further. This is why I'm down even further. This is why I'm making this video. If you don't know making this video. If you don't know making this video. If you don't know what you're doing, AI will actually slow what you're doing, AI will actually slow what you're doing, AI will actually slow you down. However, if you watch until you down. However, if you watch until you down. However, if you watch until the end, you'll know how to avoid all of the end, you'll know how to avoid all of the end, you'll know how to avoid all of these mistakes and how to actually boost these mistakes and how to actually boost these mistakes and how to actually boost your developer productivity. Now, to your developer productivity. Now, to your developer productivity. Now, to start with, who even were the developers start with, who even were the developers start with, who even were the developers in the study? Well, it was a group of 16 in the study? Well, it was a group of 16 in the study? Well, it was a group of 16 senior open source maintainers with an senior open source maintainers with an senior open source maintainers with an average of 10 years of experience. Also, average of 10 years of experience. Also, average of 10 years of experience. Also, these guys were not AI noobs. 93% of these guys were not AI noobs. 93% of these guys were not AI noobs. 93% of them have used LLMs before and 44% of them have used LLMs before and 44% of them have used LLMs before and 44% of them had prior experience with cursor. them had prior experience with cursor. them had prior experience with cursor. Now, the main AI tool used in this study Now, the main AI tool used in this study Now, the main AI tool used in this study was cursor pro with cloth 3.7 as the was cursor pro with cloth 3.7 as the was cursor pro with cloth 3.7 as the model. By the way, as I was recording model. By the way, as I was recording model. By the way, as I was recording this video, a new study from GitHub this video, a new study from GitHub this video, a new study from GitHub themselves was released. So, it's going themselves was released. So, it's going themselves was released. So, it's going to be very interesting to see if this to be very interesting to see if this to be very interesting to see if this study confirms the finding of the first study confirms the finding of the first study confirms the finding of the first study or if the results are different. study or if the results are different. study or if the results are different. But more on that later. So here's how But more on that later. So here's how But more on that later. So here's how the experiment worked. It was a the experiment worked. It was a the experiment worked. It was a randomized control trial. In total, they randomized control trial. In total, they randomized control trial. In total, they did 246 GitHub issues. And each did 246 GitHub issues. And each did 246 GitHub issues. And each developer coin flipped to find out developer coin flipped to find out developer coin flipped to find out whether he will be using AI or not. Now, whether he will be using AI or not. Now, whether he will be using AI or not. Now, before they wrote any code, first the before they wrote any code, first the before they wrote any code, first the developers guessed how long each task developers guessed how long each task developers guessed how long each task would take, both with AI and without AI. would take, both with AI and without AI. would take, both with AI and without AI. And the rules were super simple. With And the rules were super simple. With And the rules were super simple. With AI, you were free to use basically AI, you were free to use basically AI, you were free to use basically anything. Cursor claw, JGBD, whatever anything. Cursor claw, JGBD, whatever anything. Cursor claw, JGBD, whatever you want. However, without AI, you you want. However, without AI, you you want. However, without AI, you couldn't use any LLMs at all. Now, you couldn't use any LLMs at all. Now, you couldn't use any LLMs at all. Now, you might be thinking, "Okay, David, but might be thinking, "Okay, David, but might be thinking, "Okay, David, but what exactly got measured?" Well, the what exactly got measured?" Well, the what exactly got measured?" Well, the clock started when the developer began clock started when the developer began clock started when the developer began working on the issue. And it only working on the issue. And it only working on the issue. And it only stopped after the pull request was stopped after the pull request was stopped after the pull request was reviewed, approved, and merged. And reviewed, approved, and merged. And reviewed, approved, and merged. And here's actually a very interesting here's actually a very interesting here's actually a very interesting visual from the study of how it broke visual from the study of how it broke visual from the study of how it broke down. So, first, as you can see, there down. So, first, as you can see, there down. So, first, as you can see, there was a list of different GitHub issues. was a list of different GitHub issues. was a list of different GitHub issues. Those were split into two categories, AI Those were split into two categories, AI Those were split into two categories, AI disallowed and AI allowed, where the disallowed and AI allowed, where the disallowed and AI allowed, where the developers worked on the issue until developers worked on the issue until developers worked on the issue until completion. Then, the researchers completion. Then, the researchers completion. Then, the researchers calculated the change in time from AI. calculated the change in time from AI. calculated the change in time from AI. Now, most shockingly, it was actually Now, most shockingly, it was actually Now, most shockingly, it was actually faster when the developers didn't use faster when the developers didn't use faster when the developers didn't use any AI tools. This goes completely any AI tools. This goes completely any AI tools. This goes completely contrary to everyone's predictions. contrary to everyone's predictions. contrary to everyone's predictions. experts, participants, everybody was experts, participants, everybody was experts, participants, everybody was predicting that AI would speed up those predicting that AI would speed up those predicting that AI would speed up those developers. However, the findings of the developers. However, the findings of the developers. However, the findings of the study were the exact opposite. By the study were the exact opposite. By the study were the exact opposite. By the way, Enthropic just released a brand new way, Enthropic just released a brand new way, Enthropic just released a brand new AI model, Claude Opus 4.1, and what did AI model, Claude Opus 4.1, and what did AI model, Claude Opus 4.1, and what did we do? We instantly added into Vectoral. we do? We instantly added into Vectoral. we do? We instantly added into Vectoral. So, if you have Vectoral Pro, you can So, if you have Vectoral Pro, you can So, if you have Vectoral Pro, you can just go to the model selector and select just go to the model selector and select just go to the model selector and select from any of the models, enable Opus 4.1, from any of the models, enable Opus 4.1, from any of the models, enable Opus 4.1, save it, and you can start using it save it, and you can start using it save it, and you can start using it inside of Veectal Working on all of your inside of Veectal Working on all of your inside of Veectal Working on all of your tasks. So, again, go to Vectorai, try it tasks. So, again, go to Vectorai, try it tasks. So, again, go to Vectorai, try it yourself, you can get started completely yourself, you can get started completely yourself, you can get started completely for free. That's right. The AI made the for free. That's right. The AI made the for free. That's right. The AI made the developers slower. On average, each task developers slower. On average, each task developers slower. On average, each task took 19% longer. And this applied for took 19% longer. And this applied for took 19% longer. And this applied for short tasks, long tasks, easy tasks, short tasks, long tasks, easy tasks, short tasks, long tasks, easy tasks, hard tasks. Everything showed the same hard tasks. Everything showed the same hard tasks. Everything showed the same slowdown. Here's another visualization slowdown. Here's another visualization slowdown. Here's another visualization from this study. On the x-axis, we can from this study. On the x-axis, we can from this study. On the x-axis, we can see the implementation time in hours. So see the implementation time in hours. So see the implementation time in hours. So most of the GitHub issues took roughly 2 most of the GitHub issues took roughly 2 most of the GitHub issues took roughly 2 hours. And on the y-axis, we can see the hours. And on the y-axis, we can see the hours. And on the y-axis, we can see the percentile of observed implementation percentile of observed implementation percentile of observed implementation time. So this begs the question, why did time. So this begs the question, why did time. So this begs the question, why did the AI slow the developers down? Well, I the AI slow the developers down? Well, I the AI slow the developers down? Well, I think there are three main reasons. think there are three main reasons. think there are three main reasons. Number one, lack of server reliance. Number one, lack of server reliance. Number one, lack of server reliance. These devs relied on AI even for simple These devs relied on AI even for simple These devs relied on AI even for simple things that would be faster manually, things that would be faster manually, things that would be faster manually, especially for a senior developer. especially for a senior developer. especially for a senior developer. Number two, a lot of the devs already Number two, a lot of the devs already Number two, a lot of the devs already knew the answer. Keep in mind, these knew the answer. Keep in mind, these knew the answer. Keep in mind, these guys had five plus years of experience guys had five plus years of experience guys had five plus years of experience on these repositories. So AI didn't on these repositories. So AI didn't on these repositories. So AI didn't really add any new insights or really add any new insights or really add any new insights or knowledge. Plus, a lot of these code knowledge. Plus, a lot of these code knowledge. Plus, a lot of these code bases were huge. I mean, over a million bases were huge. I mean, over a million bases were huge. I mean, over a million lines, which easily overwhelmed the lines, which easily overwhelmed the lines, which easily overwhelmed the models, limiting how much help they can models, limiting how much help they can models, limiting how much help they can do. So, here is my expert opinion as one do. So, here is my expert opinion as one do. So, here is my expert opinion as one of the world's leading AI developers. of the world's leading AI developers. of the world's leading AI developers. There are multiple problems. First of There are multiple problems. First of There are multiple problems. First of all, this study was only done on 16 all, this study was only done on 16 all, this study was only done on 16 developers, which is a very small sample developers, which is a very small sample developers, which is a very small sample size. It was also tested with senior size. It was also tested with senior size. It was also tested with senior devs who already have built-in ways of devs who already have built-in ways of devs who already have built-in ways of working, certain habits, certain code working, certain habits, certain code working, certain habits, certain code style. These guys are way more picky style. These guys are way more picky style. These guys are way more picky about what they accept and what they about what they accept and what they about what they accept and what they reject. Plus, they only used cursor. reject. Plus, they only used cursor. reject. Plus, they only used cursor. They didn't use any advanced AI agents They didn't use any advanced AI agents They didn't use any advanced AI agents such as cloth code, devin, codeex, such as cloth code, devin, codeex, such as cloth code, devin, codeex, nothing like that. Plus, AI actually nothing like that. Plus, AI actually nothing like that. Plus, AI actually helps beginners far more than senior helps beginners far more than senior helps beginners far more than senior devs. And by the way, I'm not the only devs. And by the way, I'm not the only devs. And by the way, I'm not the only one who found flaws in the study. This one who found flaws in the study. This one who found flaws in the study. This person figured out that using your own person figured out that using your own person figured out that using your own repo isn't that effective. By far the repo isn't that effective. By far the repo isn't that effective. By far the biggest unlock this guy had was when biggest unlock this guy had was when biggest unlock this guy had was when using AI to navigate unfamiliar repos. using AI to navigate unfamiliar repos. using AI to navigate unfamiliar repos. Like if you join a company and you have Like if you join a company and you have Like if you join a company and you have to navigate a complicated codebase, you to navigate a complicated codebase, you to navigate a complicated codebase, you can learn the codebase way faster if you can learn the codebase way faster if you can learn the codebase way faster if you have access to AI tools. Another great have access to AI tools. Another great have access to AI tools. Another great point is that AI tools don't magically point is that AI tools don't magically point is that AI tools don't magically speed you up. Rather, they give you speed you up. Rather, they give you speed you up. Rather, they give you leverage only if you know how to use leverage only if you know how to use leverage only if you know how to use them, which is what my entire channel is them, which is what my entire channel is them, which is what my entire channel is basically all about. So if you want to basically all about. So if you want to basically all about. So if you want to be an effective AI developer, make sure be an effective AI developer, make sure be an effective AI developer, make sure to subscribe. All right. So even though to subscribe. All right. So even though to subscribe. All right. So even though the developers in this study were the developers in this study were the developers in this study were slower, should devs use AI today? And slower, should devs use AI today? And slower, should devs use AI today? And the answer is yes. Even though this was the answer is yes. Even though this was the answer is yes. Even though this was a very interesting and unexpected a very interesting and unexpected a very interesting and unexpected outcome, I'm still very bullish on outcome, I'm still very bullish on outcome, I'm still very bullish on coding with AI. But if you want to use coding with AI. But if you want to use coding with AI. But if you want to use AI tools seriously and effectively, AI tools seriously and effectively, AI tools seriously and effectively, there are a few important things you there are a few important things you there are a few important things you must know. So, as I promised, let's take must know. So, as I promised, let's take must know. So, as I promised, let's take a look at the GitHub study. So, this is a look at the GitHub study. So, this is a look at the GitHub study. So, this is Thomas Dome, the CEO of GitHub. Either Thomas Dome, the CEO of GitHub. Either Thomas Dome, the CEO of GitHub. Either you embrace AI or get out of this you embrace AI or get out of this you embrace AI or get out of this career. In the latest GitHub study, a career. In the latest GitHub study, a career. In the latest GitHub study, a striking trend was revealed. Those who striking trend was revealed. Those who striking trend was revealed. Those who persist beyond early skepticism emerge persist beyond early skepticism emerge persist beyond early skepticism emerge with dramatically higher ambition, with dramatically higher ambition, with dramatically higher ambition, technical fluency, and job satisfaction. technical fluency, and job satisfaction. technical fluency, and job satisfaction. AI is on track to write 90% of code AI is on track to write 90% of code AI is on track to write 90% of code within the next two to five years. Also, within the next two to five years. Also, within the next two to five years. Also, there are new skills that matter now there are new skills that matter now there are new skills that matter now such as agent orchestration, iterative such as agent orchestration, iterative such as agent orchestration, iterative collaboration, critical verification, collaboration, critical verification, collaboration, critical verification, chrome engineering, you name it. So, chrome engineering, you name it. So, chrome engineering, you name it. So, while this GitHub study found that AI while this GitHub study found that AI while this GitHub study found that AI was time-saving, that wasn't the main was time-saving, that wasn't the main was time-saving, that wasn't the main outcome. The main outcome was the shift outcome. The main outcome was the shift outcome. The main outcome was the shift in ambition. Basically, AI allowed in ambition. Basically, AI allowed in ambition. Basically, AI allowed developers to dream bigger. And as I developers to dream bigger. And as I developers to dream bigger. And as I predicted, using AI also had a massive predicted, using AI also had a massive predicted, using AI also had a massive implications for education. This is what implications for education. This is what implications for education. This is what I like to call vibe learning. So if you I like to call vibe learning. So if you I like to call vibe learning. So if you want to be on the cutting edge of AI, want to be on the cutting edge of AI, want to be on the cutting edge of AI, listen to the CEO of GitHub and start listen to the CEO of GitHub and start listen to the CEO of GitHub and start adopting AI tools. The first tool that adopting AI tools. The first tool that adopting AI tools. The first tool that all of you should adopt is Vectal. It's all of you should adopt is Vectal. It's all of you should adopt is Vectal. It's an AI agent for task management that can an AI agent for task management that can an AI agent for task management that can help you achieve any goal 10 times help you achieve any goal 10 times help you achieve any goal 10 times faster. And yes, this is the tool I've faster. And yes, this is the tool I've faster. And yes, this is the tool I've built and it's saving me many hours per built and it's saving me many hours per built and it's saving me many hours per week. So if you want to instantly make week. So if you want to instantly make week. So if you want to instantly make yourself more productive, try it yourself more productive, try it yourself more productive, try it yourself for free. Just go to vectal.ai yourself for free. Just go to vectal.ai yourself for free. Just go to vectal.ai and type in whatever goal you want to and type in whatever goal you want to and type in whatever goal you want to achieve. Now, if you've been watching my achieve. Now, if you've been watching my achieve. Now, if you've been watching my channel, which you should, you will know channel, which you should, you will know channel, which you should, you will know that AI is much more efficient for that AI is much more efficient for that AI is much more efficient for building MVPs than changing risky building MVPs than changing risky building MVPs than changing risky production code. And that's really the production code. And that's really the production code. And that's really the main problem of this study. They only main problem of this study. They only main problem of this study. They only tested AI on existing repositories. They tested AI on existing repositories. They tested AI on existing repositories. They didn't build anything from scratch. And didn't build anything from scratch. And didn't build anything from scratch. And that's a problem because building an MVP that's a problem because building an MVP that's a problem because building an MVP is now 10 times faster thanks to AI, is now 10 times faster thanks to AI, is now 10 times faster thanks to AI, maybe even more, honestly. However, maybe even more, honestly. However, maybe even more, honestly. However, writing production ready code that writing production ready code that writing production ready code that follows existing standards is only 30 or follows existing standards is only 30 or follows existing standards is only 30 or 40% faster if you apply everything from 40% faster if you apply everything from 40% faster if you apply everything from this video. If you don't know anything, this video. If you don't know anything, this video. If you don't know anything, you'll actually be slower like the study you'll actually be slower like the study you'll actually be slower like the study suggests. So, here are seven tips you suggests. So, here are seven tips you suggests. So, here are seven tips you must know about coding with AI. Number must know about coding with AI. Number must know about coding with AI. Number one, use the right model for the right one, use the right model for the right one, use the right model for the right task. Not all LLMs are created equal. task. Not all LLMs are created equal. task. Not all LLMs are created equal. You need to check its context size. You need to check its context size. You need to check its context size. Compare the official benchmark scores. Compare the official benchmark scores. Compare the official benchmark scores. Do a little vibe test yourself. And a Do a little vibe test yourself. And a Do a little vibe test yourself. And a great tip actually is that if you use great tip actually is that if you use great tip actually is that if you use something like close for set or close something like close for set or close something like close for set or close for opus, just check it with a different for opus, just check it with a different for opus, just check it with a different model like 03. Don't use the same model model like 03. Don't use the same model model like 03. Don't use the same model from the same company to verify the code from the same company to verify the code from the same company to verify the code that an AI agent wrote. So if you use that an AI agent wrote. So if you use that an AI agent wrote. So if you use OpenAI model like 03 or GBD5 coming OpenAI model like 03 or GBD5 coming OpenAI model like 03 or GBD5 coming soon, just use Gemini 2.5 Pro from soon, just use Gemini 2.5 Pro from soon, just use Gemini 2.5 Pro from Google to check the output. Pro tip Google to check the output. Pro tip Google to check the output. Pro tip number two, use AI to build new number two, use AI to build new number two, use AI to build new features. When you start a new project features. When you start a new project features. When you start a new project or add a new feature, AI speedups can be or add a new feature, AI speedups can be or add a new feature, AI speedups can be insane. 10x, 20x, maybe even 100x if you insane. 10x, 20x, maybe even 100x if you insane. 10x, 20x, maybe even 100x if you really know what you're doing. AI agents really know what you're doing. AI agents really know what you're doing. AI agents can help you design an entire codebase can help you design an entire codebase can help you design an entire codebase in a matter of minutes. Plus, you can in a matter of minutes. Plus, you can in a matter of minutes. Plus, you can quickly test all kinds of different quickly test all kinds of different quickly test all kinds of different ideas from unique angles. Tip number ideas from unique angles. Tip number ideas from unique angles. Tip number three, if you are going to be using AI three, if you are going to be using AI three, if you are going to be using AI on large code bases, you can absolutely on large code bases, you can absolutely on large code bases, you can absolutely do it, but make sure to follow these do it, but make sure to follow these do it, but make sure to follow these rules. Number one, make small focus rules. Number one, make small focus rules. Number one, make small focus changes only. Number two, avoid huge changes only. Number two, avoid huge changes only. Number two, avoid huge refactors in one go. Split it into four, refactors in one go. Split it into four, refactors in one go. Split it into four, five, six stages. Number three, work in five, six stages. Number three, work in five, six stages. Number three, work in a feature branch only. Make sure to a feature branch only. Make sure to a feature branch only. Make sure to create a new branch and work there. Do create a new branch and work there. Do create a new branch and work there. Do not work on staging on main. None of not work on staging on main. None of not work on staging on main. None of that. Also, never push directly to main. that. Also, never push directly to main. that. Also, never push directly to main. No matter how tempting it might be, it No matter how tempting it might be, it No matter how tempting it might be, it will bite you in the ass in the long will bite you in the ass in the long will bite you in the ass in the long run. And lastly, commit often. Do a run. And lastly, commit often. Do a run. And lastly, commit often. Do a GitHub commit every 10 to 15 minutes. GitHub commit every 10 to 15 minutes. GitHub commit every 10 to 15 minutes. With AIS, you can have them write the With AIS, you can have them write the With AIS, you can have them write the GitHub message. Write the commit GitHub message. Write the commit GitHub message. Write the commit message. For example, if you use cloth message. For example, if you use cloth message. For example, if you use cloth code, it knows already what you're code, it knows already what you're code, it knows already what you're doing. Same with Cursor. Same with doing. Same with Cursor. Same with doing. Same with Cursor. Same with Windsor. All of these AI tools, they pay Windsor. All of these AI tools, they pay Windsor. All of these AI tools, they pay attention to what you're doing. So, they attention to what you're doing. So, they attention to what you're doing. So, they can just write the commitment message in can just write the commitment message in can just write the commitment message in a matter of half a second instead of you a matter of half a second instead of you a matter of half a second instead of you writing a short one or being lazy or writing a short one or being lazy or writing a short one or being lazy or leaving it empty, code forbid. AI coding leaving it empty, code forbid. AI coding leaving it empty, code forbid. AI coding tip number four, how to avoid errors tip number four, how to avoid errors tip number four, how to avoid errors from the start. This is the best from the start. This is the best from the start. This is the best strategy, right? Start by having the AI strategy, right? Start by having the AI strategy, right? Start by having the AI analyze the codebase. Do not rush into analyze the codebase. Do not rush into analyze the codebase. Do not rush into changes. Tell it to find all of the changes. Tell it to find all of the changes. Tell it to find all of the relevant files. Make a list of them and relevant files. Make a list of them and relevant files. Make a list of them and read through all of them. Also, actually read through all of them. Also, actually read through all of them. Also, actually put in more effort yourself and provide put in more effort yourself and provide put in more effort yourself and provide the LLM with tons of context. Obviously, the LLM with tons of context. Obviously, the LLM with tons of context. Obviously, keep it related to what you're actually keep it related to what you're actually keep it related to what you're actually doing. Next, and this is uh something doing. Next, and this is uh something doing. Next, and this is uh something that most people like to skip, but try that most people like to skip, but try that most people like to skip, but try to understand the feature or the bug to understand the feature or the bug to understand the feature or the bug yourself first. I know this is not sexy, yourself first. I know this is not sexy, yourself first. I know this is not sexy, right? Everybody wants to delegate right? Everybody wants to delegate right? Everybody wants to delegate everything to AI, but if you actually do everything to AI, but if you actually do everything to AI, but if you actually do this, if you spend a few minutes trying this, if you spend a few minutes trying this, if you spend a few minutes trying to understand what's happening yourself, to understand what's happening yourself, to understand what's happening yourself, you can move way faster and you'll be you can move way faster and you'll be you can move way faster and you'll be able to spot when the AI is going off able to spot when the AI is going off able to spot when the AI is going off track. And then a lot of software track. And then a lot of software track. And then a lot of software development fundamentals such as running development fundamentals such as running development fundamentals such as running llinters, type checks, automated tests llinters, type checks, automated tests llinters, type checks, automated tests to catch as many issues as early as to catch as many issues as early as to catch as many issues as early as possible. Tip number five, discipline possible. Tip number five, discipline possible. Tip number five, discipline equals speed. With the correct equals speed. With the correct equals speed. With the correct workflows, you can work way faster. Your workflows, you can work way faster. Your workflows, you can work way faster. Your main takeaway here should be to spend main takeaway here should be to spend main takeaway here should be to spend more time before you have the AI write more time before you have the AI write more time before you have the AI write any lines of code. The more time you any lines of code. The more time you any lines of code. The more time you spend before, the faster you can build a spend before, the faster you can build a spend before, the faster you can build a feature and the less errors you'll run feature and the less errors you'll run feature and the less errors you'll run into. What I do with every single into. What I do with every single into. What I do with every single feature, I create a markdown file. I feature, I create a markdown file. I feature, I create a markdown file. I type in my exact vision. I lay out the type in my exact vision. I lay out the type in my exact vision. I lay out the steps I necessary. I lay out what I steps I necessary. I lay out what I steps I necessary. I lay out what I don't understand. I lay out what I don't understand. I lay out what I don't understand. I lay out what I already know. And only then, only after already know. And only then, only after already know. And only then, only after like 20 minutes of me writing into like 20 minutes of me writing into like 20 minutes of me writing into markdown file manually with my fingers. markdown file manually with my fingers. markdown file manually with my fingers. Only then I let the AI do any code Only then I let the AI do any code Only then I let the AI do any code changes at all. Pro tip number six, changes at all. Pro tip number six, changes at all. Pro tip number six, context engineering. Clear prompts equal context engineering. Clear prompts equal context engineering. Clear prompts equal clear output. Be specific about the clear output. Be specific about the clear output. Be specific about the inputs, outputs, and constraints of inputs, outputs, and constraints of inputs, outputs, and constraints of every single feature. And make sure to every single feature. And make sure to every single feature. And make sure to actually create a markdown file for actually create a markdown file for actually create a markdown file for every feature. This is very OP because every feature. This is very OP because every feature. This is very OP because it can be like a scratch pad for the AI it can be like a scratch pad for the AI it can be like a scratch pad for the AI agent to write notes and for you to agent to write notes and for you to agent to write notes and for you to refine your vision as you work. Really, refine your vision as you work. Really, refine your vision as you work. Really, this is like non-negotiable for me. this is like non-negotiable for me. this is like non-negotiable for me. Also, make sure to just tag all of the Also, make sure to just tag all of the Also, make sure to just tag all of the relevant files. Don't waste the AI's relevant files. Don't waste the AI's relevant files. Don't waste the AI's time, right? The AI can waste your time, time, right? The AI can waste your time, time, right? The AI can waste your time, but you can waste its time. If you but you can waste its time. If you but you can waste its time. If you already know where the feature should be already know where the feature should be already know where the feature should be implemented or which files the bug is implemented or which files the bug is implemented or which files the bug is in, tag them. It will make your AI in, tag them. It will make your AI in, tag them. It will make your AI agents much better. Trust me. Also start agents much better. Trust me. Also start agents much better. Trust me. Also start building internal documents of all the building internal documents of all the building internal documents of all the features, all the parts of your app, all features, all the parts of your app, all features, all the parts of your app, all the data types, architecture, the data types, architecture, the data types, architecture, everything. So you can easily tag these everything. So you can easily tag these everything. So you can easily tag these dogs and not only speed up your own dogs and not only speed up your own dogs and not only speed up your own learning curve or when you hire a new learning curve or when you hire a new learning curve or when you hire a new developer, you can get them up to speed developer, you can get them up to speed developer, you can get them up to speed faster, but you can tag these dogs for faster, but you can tag these dogs for faster, but you can tag these dogs for AI and the AI can easily learn and AI and the AI can easily learn and AI and the AI can easily learn and quickly learn how your codebase works. quickly learn how your codebase works. quickly learn how your codebase works. Now, you always have to remind yourself Now, you always have to remind yourself Now, you always have to remind yourself that you as the human are the decision that you as the human are the decision that you as the human are the decision maker. Make sure to keep the big picture maker. Make sure to keep the big picture maker. Make sure to keep the big picture in the view. Don't trust the AI blindly. in the view. Don't trust the AI blindly. in the view. Don't trust the AI blindly. Use it for what it's good at, but don't Use it for what it's good at, but don't Use it for what it's good at, but don't trust it for what it's bad at, such as trust it for what it's bad at, such as trust it for what it's bad at, such as creativity, taste, naming, codebased creativity, taste, naming, codebased creativity, taste, naming, codebased architecture, the most important things architecture, the most important things architecture, the most important things really. When something inevitably really. When something inevitably really. When something inevitably breaks, the best thing you can do is to breaks, the best thing you can do is to breaks, the best thing you can do is to use AI to understand the root issue use AI to understand the root issue use AI to understand the root issue yourself. I cannot stress this enough. yourself. I cannot stress this enough. yourself. I cannot stress this enough. Upskilling yourself with AI is the Upskilling yourself with AI is the Upskilling yourself with AI is the biggest hack. It's the biggest cheat biggest hack. It's the biggest cheat biggest hack. It's the biggest cheat code that nobody's talking about. code that nobody's talking about. code that nobody's talking about. Everybody's like, "Okay, build this, VIP Everybody's like, "Okay, build this, VIP Everybody's like, "Okay, build this, VIP code this, VIP code that." Guys, you can code this, VIP code that." Guys, you can code this, VIP code that." Guys, you can literally upskill yourself three times literally upskill yourself three times literally upskill yourself three times faster than you could otherwise. Before faster than you could otherwise. Before faster than you could otherwise. Before AI models, it would take you multiple AI models, it would take you multiple AI models, it would take you multiple years to become proficient at a years to become proficient at a years to become proficient at a programming language. With AI, you can programming language. With AI, you can programming language. With AI, you can ask hundreds questions every single day ask hundreds questions every single day ask hundreds questions every single day and it will teach you. It will and it will teach you. It will and it will teach you. It will reiterate, will explain it in a reiterate, will explain it in a reiterate, will explain it in a different way. It will browse the web to different way. It will browse the web to different way. It will browse the web to get examples. It's insane. Use it for get examples. It's insane. Use it for get examples. It's insane. Use it for learning. Use it for upscreen yourself. learning. Use it for upscreen yourself. learning. Use it for upscreen yourself. And not only will you benefit from the And not only will you benefit from the And not only will you benefit from the exponential curve of AI, but you will exponential curve of AI, but you will exponential curve of AI, but you will add another exponential that's even more add another exponential that's even more add another exponential that's even more steep of your own AI skill set. Now, no steep of your own AI skill set. Now, no steep of your own AI skill set. Now, no matter what, do not ever delegate your matter what, do not ever delegate your matter what, do not ever delegate your thinking to AI. I don't really envy the thinking to AI. I don't really envy the thinking to AI. I don't really envy the new generation because all of these kids new generation because all of these kids new generation because all of these kids are raised with chbpt. But you need to are raised with chbpt. But you need to are raised with chbpt. But you need to make product decisions. You need to stay make product decisions. You need to stay make product decisions. You need to stay in charge. You need to have that taste. in charge. You need to have that taste. in charge. You need to have that taste. You need to trust your you need to trust You need to trust your you need to trust You need to trust your you need to trust and develop your own judgment. Do not and develop your own judgment. Do not and develop your own judgment. Do not ask the AI what the next feature should ask the AI what the next feature should ask the AI what the next feature should be. You as the founder should know that. be. You as the founder should know that. be. You as the founder should know that. So instead of listening to AI, listen to So instead of listening to AI, listen to So instead of listening to AI, listen to your own intuition plus your own users. your own intuition plus your own users. your own intuition plus your own users. Talk to your users as much as possible. Talk to your users as much as possible. Talk to your users as much as possible. I know everybody in Silicon Valley in I know everybody in Silicon Valley in I know everybody in Silicon Valley in the startup world says this, but guys, the startup world says this, but guys, the startup world says this, but guys, until you actually run a startup, you until you actually run a startup, you until you actually run a startup, you don't realize how important this is. The don't realize how important this is. The don't realize how important this is. The only thing that really matters is what only thing that really matters is what only thing that really matters is what the users want. So, build something that the users want. So, build something that the users want. So, build something that the users want. Now, since you watched the users want. Now, since you watched the users want. Now, since you watched the entire video, I'm going to give you the entire video, I'm going to give you the entire video, I'm going to give you a little bonus that I discovered today, a little bonus that I discovered today, a little bonus that I discovered today, and that is giving Cloud Code custom and that is giving Cloud Code custom and that is giving Cloud Code custom hooks. So, what is a hook? If you don't hooks. So, what is a hook? If you don't hooks. So, what is a hook? If you don't know, a hook is a script that runs know, a hook is a script that runs know, a hook is a script that runs before or after Clude does something before or after Clude does something before or after Clude does something like editing, running a tool, or like editing, running a tool, or like editing, running a tool, or stopping. It lets you auto format code, stopping. It lets you auto format code, stopping. It lets you auto format code, block risky commands, run tests, send block risky commands, run tests, send block risky commands, run tests, send alerts, or really do anything you want. alerts, or really do anything you want. alerts, or really do anything you want. Like some people literally have it play Like some people literally have it play Like some people literally have it play a sound to notify them, oh, CLC has a sound to notify them, oh, CLC has a sound to notify them, oh, CLC has finished running. So basically, hooks finished running. So basically, hooks finished running. So basically, hooks are automated control over what cloud are automated control over what cloud are automated control over what cloud code does, allowing you to customize it code does, allowing you to customize it code does, allowing you to customize it in infinite possible ways. Let me show in infinite possible ways. Let me show in infinite possible ways. Let me show you. So here I am inside of cursor. I'm you. So here I am inside of cursor. I'm you. So here I am inside of cursor. I'm going to show you three different cloud going to show you three different cloud going to show you three different cloud code hooks all of you should really set code hooks all of you should really set code hooks all of you should really set up. And the beauty of this, it takes up. And the beauty of this, it takes up. And the beauty of this, it takes like 2 minutes to set up. So let me show like 2 minutes to set up. So let me show like 2 minutes to set up. So let me show you. First hook is this one. Append you. First hook is this one. Append you. First hook is this one. Append ultra thing. This one I borrowed from ultra thing. This one I borrowed from ultra thing. This one I borrowed from McKay Riley on Twitter, so shout out to McKay Riley on Twitter, so shout out to McKay Riley on Twitter, so shout out to him. But basically the way this hook him. But basically the way this hook him. But basically the way this hook works is that anytime your prompt ends works is that anytime your prompt ends works is that anytime your prompt ends with dash u, it appends this prompt with dash u, it appends this prompt with dash u, it appends this prompt right here. Use the maximum amount of right here. Use the maximum amount of right here. Use the maximum amount of ultra think. Take all the time you need. ultra think. Take all the time you need. ultra think. Take all the time you need. It's much better if you do too much It's much better if you do too much It's much better if you do too much research and thinking than not enough. research and thinking than not enough. research and thinking than not enough. You have to realize ultra think this You have to realize ultra think this You have to realize ultra think this actually has influence on the reasoning actually has influence on the reasoning actually has influence on the reasoning effort of clo code. Enthropic built this effort of clo code. Enthropic built this effort of clo code. Enthropic built this in into clo code. It can recognize four in into clo code. It can recognize four in into clo code. It can recognize four different words. Think, think hard, different words. Think, think hard, different words. Think, think hard, think harder and ultra think. That is think harder and ultra think. That is think harder and ultra think. That is the most powerful level of reasoning the most powerful level of reasoning the most powerful level of reasoning effort. So this isn't just some weird effort. So this isn't just some weird effort. So this isn't just some weird prompting technique. This actually prompting technique. This actually prompting technique. This actually directly impacts how many tokens will go directly impacts how many tokens will go directly impacts how many tokens will go into the reasoning effort of your next into the reasoning effort of your next into the reasoning effort of your next clo response. Now the next hook I built clo response. Now the next hook I built clo response. Now the next hook I built myself and this one will be myself and this one will be myself and this one will be automatically appended anytime you automatically appended anytime you automatically appended anytime you finish your prompt with dash e. And finish your prompt with dash e. And finish your prompt with dash e. And here's what it says. Above are the here's what it says. Above are the here's what it says. Above are the relevant logs. Your job is to think relevant logs. Your job is to think relevant logs. Your job is to think harder about what these logs say. Give harder about what these logs say. Give harder about what these logs say. Give me a simpler and short explanation. Do me a simpler and short explanation. Do me a simpler and short explanation. Do not jump to conclusions. Do not make not jump to conclusions. Do not make not jump to conclusions. Do not make assumptions. Quiet your ego. Assume you assumptions. Quiet your ego. Assume you assumptions. Quiet your ego. Assume you know nothing. If you've worked with know nothing. If you've worked with know nothing. If you've worked with cloth for models or any clo models, you cloth for models or any clo models, you cloth for models or any clo models, you know like the you're absolutely right or know like the you're absolutely right or know like the you're absolutely right or oh I see the issue now. This is beyond oh I see the issue now. This is beyond oh I see the issue now. This is beyond frustrating, right? And by adding lines frustrating, right? And by adding lines frustrating, right? And by adding lines like this, you greatly eliminate it. So like this, you greatly eliminate it. So like this, you greatly eliminate it. So basically the way I use this cloth code basically the way I use this cloth code basically the way I use this cloth code hook is for understanding logs, right? hook is for understanding logs, right? hook is for understanding logs, right? Maybe I paste in 500 lines of backend Maybe I paste in 500 lines of backend Maybe I paste in 500 lines of backend logs and I do e, which is way faster logs and I do e, which is way faster logs and I do e, which is way faster than typing these six sentences, right? than typing these six sentences, right? than typing these six sentences, right? and Clo will basically explain the logs and Clo will basically explain the logs and Clo will basically explain the logs to me, suggest what the next step is and to me, suggest what the next step is and to me, suggest what the next step is and why that should be the next step and why that should be the next step and why that should be the next step and answer in short. So, I use this multiple answer in short. So, I use this multiple answer in short. So, I use this multiple times a day and save so much time. Now, times a day and save so much time. Now, times a day and save so much time. Now, the last hook is actually my favorite the last hook is actually my favorite the last hook is actually my favorite because this one I use virtually after because this one I use virtually after because this one I use virtually after every single prompt. I mean, you cannot every single prompt. I mean, you cannot every single prompt. I mean, you cannot go wrong by sending this one. And by the go wrong by sending this one. And by the go wrong by sending this one. And by the way, I posted this on Twitter and both way, I posted this on Twitter and both way, I posted this on Twitter and both of my tweets got a lot of traction. By of my tweets got a lot of traction. By of my tweets got a lot of traction. By the way, if you don't follow me on the way, if you don't follow me on the way, if you don't follow me on Twitter, you really are missing out. But Twitter, you really are missing out. But Twitter, you really are missing out. But anyways, this is my golden prompt. This anyways, this is my golden prompt. This anyways, this is my golden prompt. This is like this is a David Andre prompt. So is like this is a David Andre prompt. So is like this is a David Andre prompt. So anytime my message ends with dash d this anytime my message ends with dash d this anytime my message ends with dash d this gets appended at the end. Think harder gets appended at the end. Think harder gets appended at the end. Think harder answer in short. Keep it simple. Really answer in short. Keep it simple. Really answer in short. Keep it simple. Really you cannot go wrong with this. It you cannot go wrong with this. It you cannot go wrong with this. It improves every single output. No matter improves every single output. No matter improves every single output. No matter if you're asking question or if you're if you're asking question or if you're if you're asking question or if you're fixing a bug or implementing a feature fixing a bug or implementing a feature fixing a bug or implementing a feature if you just add this at the end of every if you just add this at the end of every if you just add this at the end of every single prompt clo will perform better. I single prompt clo will perform better. I single prompt clo will perform better. I can guarantee you that. Unfortunately can guarantee you that. Unfortunately can guarantee you that. Unfortunately typing these eight words is way slower typing these eight words is way slower typing these eight words is way slower than just typing two characters which is than just typing two characters which is than just typing two characters which is the power of the hook. Now to make these the power of the hook. Now to make these the power of the hook. Now to make these hooks work, you have to actually add hooks work, you have to actually add hooks work, you have to actually add them to your settings.json file inside them to your settings.json file inside them to your settings.json file inside of the cloth folder. And again, if you of the cloth folder. And again, if you of the cloth folder. And again, if you get stuck at any point, just go into get stuck at any point, just go into get stuck at any point, just go into vectal, ask the question, and it will vectal, ask the question, and it will vectal, ask the question, and it will tell you how to set it up. The reason tell you how to set it up. The reason tell you how to set it up. The reason for that is vectal uses perplexity pro for that is vectal uses perplexity pro for that is vectal uses perplexity pro in the back end. So if you use vectal, in the back end. So if you use vectal, in the back end. So if you use vectal, you literally don't have to pay for you literally don't have to pay for you literally don't have to pay for perplexity pro. Anyways, here's how it perplexity pro. Anyways, here's how it perplexity pro. Anyways, here's how it should look like inside of the should look like inside of the should look like inside of the settings.json. So obviously at the top settings.json. So obviously at the top settings.json. So obviously at the top you have your permissions, list of you have your permissions, list of you have your permissions, list of allowed commands, list of denied allowed commands, list of denied allowed commands, list of denied commands. All of these are in the new commands. All of these are in the new commands. All of these are in the new society. By the way, if you're serious society. By the way, if you're serious society. By the way, if you're serious about AI, make sure to join the new about AI, make sure to join the new about AI, make sure to join the new society. But then at the bottom, you society. But then at the bottom, you society. But then at the bottom, you need to append the hooks to kind of need to append the hooks to kind of need to append the hooks to kind of register to them so that they actually register to them so that they actually register to them so that they actually run automatically. Cloudco doesn't use run automatically. Cloudco doesn't use run automatically. Cloudco doesn't use them. These get executed by themselves them. These get executed by themselves them. These get executed by themselves on different actions, right? So, one of on different actions, right? So, one of on different actions, right? So, one of the possible ones is user prompt submit. the possible ones is user prompt submit. the possible ones is user prompt submit. Anytime the user submits a prompt, we Anytime the user submits a prompt, we Anytime the user submits a prompt, we check whether any of these hooks should check whether any of these hooks should check whether any of these hooks should be activated. And by the way, I just be activated. And by the way, I just be activated. And by the way, I just asked Veil to browse the web and find asked Veil to browse the web and find asked Veil to browse the web and find the main hooks in cloud code. Here they the main hooks in cloud code. Here they the main hooks in cloud code. Here they are. So, user prompt submit hook. The are. So, user prompt submit hook. The are. So, user prompt submit hook. The one we're using here, pre-tool use hook. one we're using here, pre-tool use hook. one we're using here, pre-tool use hook. So before using a tool, you can So before using a tool, you can So before using a tool, you can customize again endless amounts of customize again endless amounts of customize again endless amounts of actions or checks or tests that should actions or checks or tests that should actions or checks or tests that should run before cloud code uses a tool. Then run before cloud code uses a tool. Then run before cloud code uses a tool. Then after it uses a tool, right? Maybe after it uses a tool, right? Maybe after it uses a tool, right? Maybe there's a quick uh backend test you want there's a quick uh backend test you want there's a quick uh backend test you want to run after uses tool or some llinter. to run after uses tool or some llinter. to run after uses tool or some llinter. You can easily do that or a notification You can easily do that or a notification You can easily do that or a notification hook, right? A lot of people have a hook, right? A lot of people have a hook, right? A lot of people have a sound or like a sentence like a human sound or like a sentence like a human sound or like a sentence like a human voice speaking out when cloud code voice speaking out when cloud code voice speaking out when cloud code finishes because um it can sometimes run finishes because um it can sometimes run finishes because um it can sometimes run for a long time and maybe you switch to for a long time and maybe you switch to for a long time and maybe you switch to a different tab and do something else. a different tab and do something else. a different tab and do something else. So yeah, with hooks you can customize So yeah, with hooks you can customize So yeah, with hooks you can customize your cloth code experience to your your cloth code experience to your your cloth code experience to your liking. And that's why I highly liking. And that's why I highly liking. And that's why I highly recommend you take two minutes and add recommend you take two minutes and add recommend you take two minutes and add these hooks into your cloth code setup. these hooks into your cloth code setup. these hooks into your cloth code setup. It's going to save you so much time. But It's going to save you so much time. But It's going to save you so much time. But hooks are just one part of cloth code. hooks are just one part of cloth code. hooks are just one part of cloth code. There is sub aents. There is commands. There is sub aents. There is commands. There is sub aents. There is commands. Cloth code is amazing. There's a lot to Cloth code is amazing. There's a lot to Cloth code is amazing. There's a lot to learn. In fact, I made an entire learn. In fact, I made an entire learn. In fact, I made an entire workshop called the cloth code mastery workshop called the cloth code mastery workshop called the cloth code mastery on how to become a top 1% of user of on how to become a top 1% of user of on how to become a top 1% of user of cloth code. I've used it for well over cloth code. I've used it for well over cloth code. I've used it for well over 300 hours. basically every single day 300 hours. basically every single day 300 hours. basically every single day since it released for like 4 to 8 hours since it released for like 4 to 8 hours since it released for like 4 to 8 hours a day every day. And in this workshop, a day every day. And in this workshop, a day every day. And in this workshop, not only do I explain how you can go not only do I explain how you can go not only do I explain how you can go from complete beginner to top 1% clo from complete beginner to top 1% clo from complete beginner to top 1% clo expert, but also I give you all of my expert, but also I give you all of my expert, but also I give you all of my files, I give you all of my prompts such files, I give you all of my prompts such files, I give you all of my prompts such as the main cloud. MD I'm using. I also as the main cloud. MD I'm using. I also as the main cloud. MD I'm using. I also give you my settings.loc.json, give you my settings.loc.json, give you my settings.loc.json, my protocol.md for all GitHub protocols, my protocol.md for all GitHub protocols, my protocol.md for all GitHub protocols, all of my cloud code sub aents commands, all of my cloud code sub aents commands, all of my cloud code sub aents commands, the entire stack, everything you might the entire stack, everything you might the entire stack, everything you might need. Plus, we host weekly calls where need. Plus, we host weekly calls where need. Plus, we host weekly calls where you can ask anything if you get stuck. you can ask anything if you get stuck. you can ask anything if you get stuck. So, if you're serious about coding with So, if you're serious about coding with So, if you're serious about coding with AI, make sure to join the society. It's AI, make sure to join the society. It's AI, make sure to join the society. It's going to be linked below the video. And going to be linked below the video. And going to be linked below the video. And if you want to participate in future AI if you want to participate in future AI if you want to participate in future AI developer studies, go to this link. This developer studies, go to this link. This developer studies, go to this link. This is from the original study. So, shout is from the original study. So, shout is from the original study. So, shout out to them. A lot of this in video out to them. A lot of this in video out to them. A lot of this in video would not be possible without them. With would not be possible without them. With would not be possible without them. With that being said, thank you guys for that being said, thank you guys for that being said, thank you guys for watching and I wish you a wonderful, watching and I wish you a wonderful, watching and I wish you a wonderful, productive week. See you.
