Title: The OFFICIAL Archon Guide - 10x Your AI Coding Workflow
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

Welcome to Archon, your command center Welcome to Archon, your command center Welcome to Archon, your command center for AI coding. It is your tool to manage for AI coding. It is your tool to manage for AI coding. It is your tool to manage all of your knowledge and tasks for your all of your knowledge and tasks for your all of your knowledge and tasks for your AI coding assistant. The big goal of AI coding assistant. The big goal of AI coding assistant. The big goal of Archon is to be the one tool that Archon is to be the one tool that Archon is to be the one tool that enables AI and human collaboration at a enables AI and human collaboration at a enables AI and human collaboration at a very deep level. It's something that is very deep level. It's something that is very deep level. It's something that is very much missing in the AI coding space very much missing in the AI coding space very much missing in the AI coding space right now. So, Archon is the tool to right now. So, Archon is the tool to right now. So, Archon is the tool to fill in that gap for you. for you as the fill in that gap for you. for you as the fill in that gap for you. for you as the user. It is a beautiful user interface user. It is a beautiful user interface user. It is a beautiful user interface to manage all of your projects and tasks to manage all of your projects and tasks to manage all of your projects and tasks and all of the knowledge that you're and all of the knowledge that you're and all of the knowledge that you're curating for your code bases, the curating for your code bases, the curating for your code bases, the libraries that you are using. And then libraries that you are using. And then libraries that you are using. And then for the AI coding assistant, it is an for the AI coding assistant, it is an for the AI coding assistant, it is an MCP server to manage all of the same MCP server to manage all of the same MCP server to manage all of the same things. So super easy to connect this to things. So super easy to connect this to things. So super easy to connect this to literally any AI coding assistant. And literally any AI coding assistant. And literally any AI coding assistant. And then you instantly give it access then you instantly give it access then you instantly give it access through the MCP to search all of the through the MCP to search all of the through the MCP to search all of the documentation that you've curated and documentation that you've curated and documentation that you've curated and manage the same projects and tasks in manage the same projects and tasks in manage the same projects and tasks in this canban board. And so for this video this canban board. And so for this video this canban board. And so for this video right now, I've got three things for right now, I've got three things for right now, I've got three things for you. First of all, I want to cover why you. First of all, I want to cover why you. First of all, I want to cover why we actually care about using Archon in we actually care about using Archon in we actually care about using Archon in the first place. Then a quick start. I the first place. Then a quick start. I the first place. Then a quick start. I just want to help you in a couple of just want to help you in a couple of just want to help you in a couple of minutes get Archon fully set up and minutes get Archon fully set up and minutes get Archon fully set up and connected to your AI coding assistant. connected to your AI coding assistant. connected to your AI coding assistant. And then the last thing that I want to And then the last thing that I want to And then the last thing that I want to go through with you is a practical guide go through with you is a practical guide go through with you is a practical guide on how to use Archon in your AI coding on how to use Archon in your AI coding on how to use Archon in your AI coding workflows so that you can significantly workflows so that you can significantly workflows so that you can significantly improve the code quality output of your improve the code quality output of your improve the code quality output of your coding assistants and how easy it is for coding assistants and how easy it is for coding assistants and how easy it is for you to manage your AI coding assistance. you to manage your AI coding assistance. you to manage your AI coding assistance. So putting yourself in the driver's seat So putting yourself in the driver's seat So putting yourself in the driver's seat while also still enabling your AI coding while also still enabling your AI coding while also still enabling your AI coding assistance to go very far. Now first of assistance to go very far. Now first of assistance to go very far. Now first of all why do we care about using Archon in all why do we care about using Archon in all why do we care about using Archon in the first place? I mean, that's the big the first place? I mean, that's the big the first place? I mean, that's the big question you have whenever you're question you have whenever you're question you have whenever you're looking at a new tool, especially when looking at a new tool, especially when looking at a new tool, especially when it's one related to AI and there's it's one related to AI and there's it's one related to AI and there's millions of tools out there. Well, the millions of tools out there. Well, the millions of tools out there. Well, the big problem that we have with AI coding big problem that we have with AI coding big problem that we have with AI coding assistants right now is they take care assistants right now is they take care assistants right now is they take care of too many things under the hood. of too many things under the hood. of too many things under the hood. Here's what I mean by that. In our tools Here's what I mean by that. In our tools Here's what I mean by that. In our tools that we have like Kirao or Cloud Code or that we have like Kirao or Cloud Code or that we have like Kirao or Cloud Code or Codeex, all these coding assistants, Codeex, all these coding assistants, Codeex, all these coding assistants, they have the ability to search the web. they have the ability to search the web. they have the ability to search the web. That's their way to retrieve external That's their way to retrieve external That's their way to retrieve external documentation. right now searching the documentation. right now searching the documentation. right now searching the web for lang chain or pideantic AI all web for lang chain or pideantic AI all web for lang chain or pideantic AI all these libraries that we're using and these libraries that we're using and these libraries that we're using and they also have the ability to create they also have the ability to create they also have the ability to create their own internal task lists so they their own internal task lists so they their own internal task lists so they can organize their own work and knock can organize their own work and knock can organize their own work and knock things out task by task and that's all things out task by task and that's all things out task by task and that's all fine and these capabilities are quite fine and these capabilities are quite fine and these capabilities are quite powerful but the problem is there's not powerful but the problem is there's not powerful but the problem is there's not really a way for us to collaborate with really a way for us to collaborate with really a way for us to collaborate with the AI coding assistant on these things the AI coding assistant on these things the AI coding assistant on these things we can't really pick the knowledge that we can't really pick the knowledge that we can't really pick the knowledge that it searches through because it's just it searches through because it's just it searches through because it's just going to search the entire internet we going to search the entire internet we going to search the entire internet we can't really interact with this task can't really interact with this task can't really interact with this task list. It's more of an internal tool. You list. It's more of an internal tool. You list. It's more of an internal tool. You see the problem here? It takes care of a see the problem here? It takes care of a see the problem here? It takes care of a lot of things for us, which kind of lot of things for us, which kind of lot of things for us, which kind of kicks us out of the driver's seat in kicks us out of the driver's seat in kicks us out of the driver's seat in some ways that we'd really want to be a some ways that we'd really want to be a some ways that we'd really want to be a part of the process, actually defining part of the process, actually defining part of the process, actually defining the tasks and choosing the different the tasks and choosing the different the tasks and choosing the different sources that our AI coding assistant is sources that our AI coding assistant is sources that our AI coding assistant is going to look for to understand the going to look for to understand the going to look for to understand the libraries that we're building with. And libraries that we're building with. And libraries that we're building with. And that is exactly what Archon helps us that is exactly what Archon helps us that is exactly what Archon helps us with. So, I have a little demo going on with. So, I have a little demo going on with. So, I have a little demo going on the lefth hand side here. This is more the lefth hand side here. This is more the lefth hand side here. This is more just mock calls to show you how archon just mock calls to show you how archon just mock calls to show you how archon works at a high level. We'll really get works at a high level. We'll really get works at a high level. We'll really get into the AI coding workflow in a little into the AI coding workflow in a little into the AI coding workflow in a little bit here. And so, first of all, it's bit here. And so, first of all, it's bit here. And so, first of all, it's searching my documentation, everything searching my documentation, everything searching my documentation, everything that I've already curated for it in the that I've already curated for it in the that I've already curated for it in the Archon user interface. So, I get to Archon user interface. So, I get to Archon user interface. So, I get to point it to where to search. And so, it point it to where to search. And so, it point it to where to search. And so, it pulls certain pages from the pulls certain pages from the pulls certain pages from the documentation. It's performing rag under documentation. It's performing rag under documentation. It's performing rag under the hood for both keyword and semantic the hood for both keyword and semantic the hood for both keyword and semantic searching. Very, very powerful rag searching. Very, very powerful rag searching. Very, very powerful rag strategies that we have for this. And strategies that we have for this. And strategies that we have for this. And then I also have it set up to manage the then I also have it set up to manage the then I also have it set up to manage the tasks here. here. So, we'll see in a tasks here. here. So, we'll see in a tasks here. here. So, we'll see in a little bit that it's going to start little bit that it's going to start little bit that it's going to start moving around these tasks and it's going moving around these tasks and it's going moving around these tasks and it's going to be realtime updates for us. So, when to be realtime updates for us. So, when to be realtime updates for us. So, when it uses the Archon MCP to move these it uses the Archon MCP to move these it uses the Archon MCP to move these tasks around, we don't even have to tasks around, we don't even have to tasks around, we don't even have to refresh our UI and we can watch it work refresh our UI and we can watch it work refresh our UI and we can watch it work in real time. And we can even create our in real time. And we can even create our in real time. And we can even create our own tasks here without even having to own tasks here without even having to own tasks here without even having to interrupt Cloud Code. We can collaborate interrupt Cloud Code. We can collaborate interrupt Cloud Code. We can collaborate with it because the next time it looks with it because the next time it looks with it because the next time it looks at the tasks that it has to do, it'll at the tasks that it has to do, it'll at the tasks that it has to do, it'll find those new tasks that we have find those new tasks that we have find those new tasks that we have created for it. So, take a look at this created for it. So, take a look at this created for it. So, take a look at this in just a second here. We'll see it move in just a second here. We'll see it move in just a second here. We'll see it move the first task to doing. Boom. There we the first task to doing. Boom. There we the first task to doing. Boom. There we go. Live updates. And it's just going to go. Live updates. And it's just going to go. Live updates. And it's just going to keep going through moving all these keep going through moving all these keep going through moving all these tasks around. It's kind of simulating tasks around. It's kind of simulating tasks around. It's kind of simulating what we do in a real AI development what we do in a real AI development what we do in a real AI development workflow. So there we go. It moved it to workflow. So there we go. It moved it to workflow. So there we go. It moved it to review. And then it's going to keep review. And then it's going to keep review. And then it's going to keep going on and on and on. Very, very cool. going on and on and on. Very, very cool. going on and on and on. Very, very cool. And there are so many other things that And there are so many other things that And there are so many other things that we have in store for Archon as well. we have in store for Archon as well. we have in store for Archon as well. Being able to actually kick off our AI Being able to actually kick off our AI Being able to actually kick off our AI coding assistants as background tasks in coding assistants as background tasks in coding assistants as background tasks in Archon for our planning or validating Archon for our planning or validating Archon for our planning or validating like reviewing our poll requests. like reviewing our poll requests. like reviewing our poll requests. There's so many different things that we There's so many different things that we There's so many different things that we have in store for Archon. This is just have in store for Archon. This is just have in store for Archon. This is just the beginning that we have for the the beginning that we have for the the beginning that we have for the knowledge and task management, but still knowledge and task management, but still knowledge and task management, but still very very powerful. And so with that, very very powerful. And so with that, very very powerful. And so with that, now that you got a good understanding of now that you got a good understanding of now that you got a good understanding of how Archon works at a high level, allow how Archon works at a high level, allow how Archon works at a high level, allow me to help you get it set up now me to help you get it set up now me to help you get it set up now connected to your AI coding assistant in connected to your AI coding assistant in connected to your AI coding assistant in just a few minutes. So getting started just a few minutes. So getting started just a few minutes. So getting started with Archon is fairly straightforward with Archon is fairly straightforward with Archon is fairly straightforward and most of the setup you're actually and most of the setup you're actually and most of the setup you're actually walked through in the user interface walked through in the user interface walked through in the user interface once you have the application up and once you have the application up and once you have the application up and running. I'll show you that in a little running. I'll show you that in a little running. I'll show you that in a little bit. And there are only a couple of bit. And there are only a couple of bit. And there are only a couple of prerequisites that we have in this prerequisites that we have in this prerequisites that we have in this readme which of course I'll have this readme which of course I'll have this readme which of course I'll have this linked in the description. You'll want linked in the description. You'll want linked in the description. You'll want Docker or Docker Desktop preferably Docker or Docker Desktop preferably Docker or Docker Desktop preferably because Archon runs as a few different because Archon runs as a few different because Archon runs as a few different containers. You'll want Superbase containers. You'll want Superbase containers. You'll want Superbase because it's the database that powers because it's the database that powers because it's the database that powers all of Archon. There is a free tier for all of Archon. There is a free tier for all of Archon. There is a free tier for the cloud superbase. You don't even have the cloud superbase. You don't even have the cloud superbase. You don't even have to pay anything. That's what I'm using to pay anything. That's what I'm using to pay anything. That's what I'm using for this demonstration. And then also for this demonstration. And then also for this demonstration. And then also local Superbase works. If you want to local Superbase works. If you want to local Superbase works. If you want to host it yourself, you can do that as host it yourself, you can do that as host it yourself, you can do that as well. And then you'll obviously need an well. And then you'll obviously need an well. And then you'll obviously need an API key for an LLM provider, OpenAI. And API key for an LLM provider, OpenAI. And API key for an LLM provider, OpenAI. And then we also support Gemini and Olama. then we also support Gemini and Olama. then we also support Gemini and Olama. So if you want to run things 100% So if you want to run things 100% So if you want to run things 100% locally to have your own private locally to have your own private locally to have your own private knowledge base, you can do that with knowledge base, you can do that with knowledge base, you can do that with Olama. And so that's another really Olama. And so that's another really Olama. And so that's another really awesome benefit to Archon. And then to awesome benefit to Archon. And then to awesome benefit to Archon. And then to get started, all we have to do is start get started, all we have to do is start get started, all we have to do is start by cloning the Archon repository. And by cloning the Archon repository. And by cloning the Archon repository. And we're using the stable branch because we're using the stable branch because we're using the stable branch because that's where we have the official that's where we have the official that's where we have the official releases. And so you can use the main releases. And so you can use the main releases. And so you can use the main branch if you want something a bit more branch if you want something a bit more branch if you want something a bit more experimental, but I'd recommend starting experimental, but I'd recommend starting experimental, but I'd recommend starting with the staple branch. Then we just with the staple branch. Then we just with the staple branch. Then we just change our directory into archon. And change our directory into archon. And change our directory into archon. And now you can open up this folder in your now you can open up this folder in your now you can open up this folder in your favorite code editor. Like you can do favorite code editor. Like you can do favorite code editor. Like you can do Visual Studio Code or Windsurf or Visual Studio Code or Windsurf or Visual Studio Code or Windsurf or Cursor, whatever you want to do. Go Cursor, whatever you want to do. Go Cursor, whatever you want to do. Go ahead and open this up. And then we can ahead and open this up. And then we can ahead and open this up. And then we can set up our environment variables. The set up our environment variables. The set up our environment variables. The only two values we have to set right now only two values we have to set right now only two values we have to set right now is our Superbase URL and service RO key. is our Superbase URL and service RO key. is our Superbase URL and service RO key. everything else like our openi API key everything else like our openi API key everything else like our openi API key for example we actually set in the for example we actually set in the for example we actually set in the archon user interface in the settings archon user interface in the settings archon user interface in the settings page we'll see in a little bit and so page we'll see in a little bit and so page we'll see in a little bit and so going to my superbase dashboard the way going to my superbase dashboard the way going to my superbase dashboard the way that you get these two values for cloud that you get these two values for cloud that you get these two values for cloud superbase is you go into your project superbase is you go into your project superbase is you go into your project once you have it created go to the once you have it created go to the once you have it created go to the project settings on the lefth hand side project settings on the lefth hand side project settings on the lefth hand side and then when you go to data API this is and then when you go to data API this is and then when you go to data API this is where you can get your project URL so go where you can get your project URL so go where you can get your project URL so go ahead and copy that and insert that for ahead and copy that and insert that for ahead and copy that and insert that for the superbase URL and then to get your the superbase URL and then to get your the superbase URL and then to get your service role key you go to API keys And service role key you go to API keys And service role key you go to API keys And then you want to reveal and copy the then you want to reveal and copy the then you want to reveal and copy the service role secret. And we want to be service role secret. And we want to be service role secret. And we want to be in the legacy API keys tab. So go ahead in the legacy API keys tab. So go ahead in the legacy API keys tab. So go ahead and fill out both of those things right and fill out both of those things right and fill out both of those things right here. If you are running local here. If you are running local here. If you are running local superbase, then usually your Superbase superbase, then usually your Superbase superbase, then usually your Superbase URL is going to be this right here. So URL is going to be this right here. So URL is going to be this right here. So host.doccker.in host.doccker.in host.doccker.in pointing outside of the archon container pointing outside of the archon container pointing outside of the archon container then with the port for your Superbase then with the port for your Superbase then with the port for your Superbase Kong container. And then this service ro Kong container. And then this service ro Kong container. And then this service ro key. You set that yourself in the key. You set that yourself in the key. You set that yourself in the environment variables when you are environment variables when you are environment variables when you are self-hosting a superbase. That is all self-hosting a superbase. That is all self-hosting a superbase. That is all you have to do. Now our environment you have to do. Now our environment you have to do. Now our environment variables are set up. Make sure you variables are set up. Make sure you variables are set up. Make sure you actually do that in av file. So you'll actually do that in av file. So you'll actually do that in av file. So you'll copy. copy. copy. Rename it to env set up those values. Rename it to env set up those values. Rename it to env set up those values. And now we can start the archon And now we can start the archon And now we can start the archon containers. And actually one last thing containers. And actually one last thing containers. And actually one last thing before we spin up archon, we need to set before we spin up archon, we need to set before we spin up archon, we need to set up our database. And so going back to up our database. And so going back to up our database. And so going back to the instructions in the readme, we just the instructions in the readme, we just the instructions in the readme, we just finished our environment configuration. finished our environment configuration. finished our environment configuration. Now we need to run our database setup. Now we need to run our database setup. Now we need to run our database setup. And so I call up the specific file right And so I call up the specific file right And so I call up the specific file right here that has all of the SQL you need to here that has all of the SQL you need to here that has all of the SQL you need to run. So you just need to go to run. So you just need to go to run. So you just need to go to migrations complete setup.sql. Copy the migrations complete setup.sql. Copy the migrations complete setup.sql. Copy the content here. And then we'll go into our content here. And then we'll go into our content here. And then we'll go into our SQL editor in Superbase. And so going SQL editor in Superbase. And so going SQL editor in Superbase. And so going back over to Superbase, it's this tab back over to Superbase, it's this tab back over to Superbase, it's this tab right here in the top left for the SQL right here in the top left for the SQL right here in the top left for the SQL editor. Create a new snippet. Paste it editor. Create a new snippet. Paste it editor. Create a new snippet. Paste it in and run it. This is going to create in and run it. This is going to create in and run it. This is going to create all of our archon tables. And you don't all of our archon tables. And you don't all of our archon tables. And you don't have to know every single table that we have to know every single table that we have to know every single table that we need to create here, but I'd recommend need to create here, but I'd recommend need to create here, but I'd recommend just going to the table editor and just going to the table editor and just going to the table editor and making sure that you see a lot of Archon making sure that you see a lot of Archon making sure that you see a lot of Archon tables here after you run that SQL. So, tables here after you run that SQL. So, tables here after you run that SQL. So, awesome. And this is all going to be awesome. And this is all going to be awesome. And this is all going to be empty now, but we're going to populate empty now, but we're going to populate empty now, but we're going to populate this in a little bit when I show you this in a little bit when I show you this in a little bit when I show you practically how to actually use archon. practically how to actually use archon. practically how to actually use archon. So, going back to the guide here after So, going back to the guide here after So, going back to the guide here after we have our database set up, now we can we have our database set up, now we can we have our database set up, now we can move on to actually spinning up the move on to actually spinning up the move on to actually spinning up the containers. And it's just a single containers. And it's just a single containers. And it's just a single command. You got make sure you have command. You got make sure you have command. You got make sure you have Docker installed. Once you do, it's just Docker installed. Once you do, it's just Docker installed. Once you do, it's just a single command to spin up everything. a single command to spin up everything. a single command to spin up everything. And so I'll go to my terminal here back And so I'll go to my terminal here back And so I'll go to my terminal here back in our archon folder. Paste this in in our archon folder. Paste this in in our archon folder. Paste this in docker compose up build-d. This is going docker compose up build-d. This is going docker compose up build-d. This is going to build all of our archon containers at to build all of our archon containers at to build all of our archon containers at the same time. We got one for our user the same time. We got one for our user the same time. We got one for our user interface, one for the MCP server, and interface, one for the MCP server, and interface, one for the MCP server, and one for all of the API endpoints. And one for all of the API endpoints. And one for all of the API endpoints. And it's going to take a little bit to it's going to take a little bit to it's going to take a little bit to build. So be patient. Come back in 10 to build. So be patient. Come back in 10 to build. So be patient. Come back in 10 to 15 minutes, and then we'll be good to 15 minutes, and then we'll be good to 15 minutes, and then we'll be good to move on. All right, our containers are move on. All right, our containers are move on. All right, our containers are built. This is what your logs should built. This is what your logs should built. This is what your logs should look like if everything is working well. look like if everything is working well. look like if everything is working well. You can also verify that the three You can also verify that the three You can also verify that the three containers are up and running in Docker containers are up and running in Docker containers are up and running in Docker Desktop. Then with that, we can go Desktop. Then with that, we can go Desktop. Then with that, we can go straight to the Archon user interface straight to the Archon user interface straight to the Archon user interface local host port 3737 by default. Those local host port 3737 by default. Those local host port 3737 by default. Those ports are configurable as well. So you ports are configurable as well. So you ports are configurable as well. So you want to bounce right to the settings want to bounce right to the settings want to bounce right to the settings page here because you want to set up the page here because you want to set up the page here because you want to set up the credentials for the LLM providers that credentials for the LLM providers that credentials for the LLM providers that you want to use. And so all these are you want to use. And so all these are you want to use. And so all these are blank by default. I'll just start by blank by default. I'll just start by blank by default. I'll just start by using OpenAI right now. So I'll save all using OpenAI right now. So I'll save all using OpenAI right now. So I'll save all my changes. And then I can select the my changes. And then I can select the my changes. And then I can select the provider I want to use for both my large provider I want to use for both my large provider I want to use for both my large language model and my embedding model. language model and my embedding model. language model and my embedding model. Archon uses both under the hood for Archon uses both under the hood for Archon uses both under the hood for crawling for all the documentation that crawling for all the documentation that crawling for all the documentation that we store in our knowledge base. And so we store in our knowledge base. And so we store in our knowledge base. And so we have quite a few different chat we have quite a few different chat we have quite a few different chat providers that are available. I'm just providers that are available. I'm just providers that are available. I'm just using OpenAI. You can select your model using OpenAI. You can select your model using OpenAI. You can select your model and then click on save settings. Don't and then click on save settings. Don't and then click on save settings. Don't forget to do that. And then after we forget to do that. And then after we forget to do that. And then after we save the settings for the LLM, then we save the settings for the LLM, then we save the settings for the LLM, then we can go to our embedding provider. can go to our embedding provider. can go to our embedding provider. There's less options here because some There's less options here because some There's less options here because some providers like open router don't providers like open router don't providers like open router don't actually have embedding models, but we actually have embedding models, but we actually have embedding models, but we can set each one separately. I can use can set each one separately. I can use can set each one separately. I can use OpenAI for chat and then I could use OpenAI for chat and then I could use OpenAI for chat and then I could use Olama for embeddings for example. So Olama for embeddings for example. So Olama for embeddings for example. So select your provider here again, set the select your provider here again, set the select your provider here again, set the model and then save your settings and model and then save your settings and model and then save your settings and then boom, we are good to go. That's then boom, we are good to go. That's then boom, we are good to go. That's everything that we have to set up in the everything that we have to set up in the everything that we have to set up in the settings here. And then going to the MCP settings here. And then going to the MCP settings here. And then going to the MCP tab, we have instructions for how to tab, we have instructions for how to tab, we have instructions for how to connect Archon to pretty much any AI connect Archon to pretty much any AI connect Archon to pretty much any AI coding assistant. I mean, we don't have coding assistant. I mean, we don't have coding assistant. I mean, we don't have explicit instructions for every coding explicit instructions for every coding explicit instructions for every coding assistant here, but we have a lot assistant here, but we have a lot assistant here, but we have a lot covered. And any MCP compatible AI covered. And any MCP compatible AI covered. And any MCP compatible AI coding assistant can connect to Archon. coding assistant can connect to Archon. coding assistant can connect to Archon. So, you can kind of just copy the So, you can kind of just copy the So, you can kind of just copy the instructions we have for one of the instructions we have for one of the instructions we have for one of the other coding assistants. So, for cloud other coding assistants. So, for cloud other coding assistants. So, for cloud code, for example, I'll go here. I'll code, for example, I'll go here. I'll code, for example, I'll go here. I'll copy the single line. That's literally copy the single line. That's literally copy the single line. That's literally all I have to do. Then, I'll go back to all I have to do. Then, I'll go back to all I have to do. Then, I'll go back to my editor here. All I have to do is my editor here. All I have to do is my editor here. All I have to do is paste this command in my terminal. And paste this command in my terminal. And paste this command in my terminal. And boom, I am now connected to Archon. It boom, I am now connected to Archon. It boom, I am now connected to Archon. It is that easy. I just get this error is that easy. I just get this error is that easy. I just get this error because I already am connected. But then because I already am connected. But then because I already am connected. But then I can do claude mcp list and this is I can do claude mcp list and this is I can do claude mcp list and this is going to actually verify my connection going to actually verify my connection going to actually verify my connection to archon. Looking really really good. to archon. Looking really really good. to archon. Looking really really good. So you just have to follow whatever So you just have to follow whatever So you just have to follow whatever process we have here based on your AI process we have here based on your AI process we have here based on your AI coding assistant and then you're good to coding assistant and then you're good to coding assistant and then you're good to go. The last thing that I'd recommend go. The last thing that I'd recommend go. The last thing that I'd recommend doing is go back to the settings and doing is go back to the settings and doing is go back to the settings and copy the recommended global rules that copy the recommended global rules that copy the recommended global rules that we have for your coding assistant. So we have for your coding assistant. So we have for your coding assistant. So you got one for cloud code and then one you got one for cloud code and then one you got one for cloud code and then one that applies to any other AI coding that applies to any other AI coding that applies to any other AI coding assistant. So copy this and then for assistant. So copy this and then for assistant. So copy this and then for cloud code for example, you just go to cloud code for example, you just go to cloud code for example, you just go to your cloud.md. I've already got this your cloud.md. I've already got this your cloud.md. I've already got this pasted in here. And then for another AI pasted in here. And then for another AI pasted in here. And then for another AI coding assistant like Codeex, it'd be coding assistant like Codeex, it'd be coding assistant like Codeex, it'd be something like your agents.mmd. So just something like your agents.mmd. So just something like your agents.mmd. So just follow the instructions to set up global follow the instructions to set up global follow the instructions to set up global rules for your coding assistant and rules for your coding assistant and rules for your coding assistant and paste this in. And this is all you need. paste this in. And this is all you need. paste this in. And this is all you need. Your coding assistant now understands Your coding assistant now understands Your coding assistant now understands how to use archon for the knowledge and how to use archon for the knowledge and how to use archon for the knowledge and task management. And then upgrading task management. And then upgrading task management. And then upgrading archon is also very easy. When there are archon is also very easy. When there are archon is also very easy. When there are new changes you want to bring in for new new changes you want to bring in for new new changes you want to bring in for new releases that we have, you just have to releases that we have, you just have to releases that we have, you just have to pull the latest changes with git. run pull the latest changes with git. run pull the latest changes with git. run the exact same docker compose command the exact same docker compose command the exact same docker compose command that you ran to start things for the that you ran to start things for the that you ran to start things for the first time. And then the last thing is first time. And then the last thing is first time. And then the last thing is there's a section in the settings page there's a section in the settings page there's a section in the settings page that will alert you of any migrations that will alert you of any migrations that will alert you of any migrations that you need to run. So you can click that you need to run. So you can click that you need to run. So you can click on a button right here, copy the SQL to on a button right here, copy the SQL to on a button right here, copy the SQL to run those migrations and then you go run those migrations and then you go run those migrations and then you go into the SQL editor just like we did into the SQL editor just like we did into the SQL editor just like we did earlier running that to get your earlier running that to get your earlier running that to get your database up to speed as well. That is database up to speed as well. That is database up to speed as well. That is it. Very easy to upgrade. So with that, it. Very easy to upgrade. So with that, it. Very easy to upgrade. So with that, you have Archon fully set up. Now quick you have Archon fully set up. Now quick you have Archon fully set up. Now quick word from our sponsor, which is very word from our sponsor, which is very word from our sponsor, which is very thematic for Archon, by the way. Then thematic for Archon, by the way. Then thematic for Archon, by the way. Then we'll get on to how you can practically we'll get on to how you can practically we'll get on to how you can practically use Archon in an AI coding workflow. use Archon in an AI coding workflow. use Archon in an AI coding workflow. I'll show you how I approach a brand new I'll show you how I approach a brand new I'll show you how I approach a brand new project, how I incorporate Archon into project, how I incorporate Archon into project, how I incorporate Archon into it. The sponsor of today's video is none it. The sponsor of today's video is none it. The sponsor of today's video is none other than Superbase themselves, which I other than Superbase themselves, which I other than Superbase themselves, which I am pumped for because for the longest am pumped for because for the longest am pumped for because for the longest time, they've been a core part of my time, they've been a core part of my time, they've been a core part of my tech stack and the database that powers tech stack and the database that powers tech stack and the database that powers all of Archon. Very thematic. They all of Archon. Very thematic. They all of Archon. Very thematic. They recently had their first ever recently had their first ever recently had their first ever conference, Superbase Select. That's the conference, Superbase Select. That's the conference, Superbase Select. That's the video you're looking at right here. It's video you're looking at right here. It's video you're looking at right here. It's the full recap, which I'll link to in the full recap, which I'll link to in the full recap, which I'll link to in the description. and their CEO Paul the description. and their CEO Paul the description. and their CEO Paul Coppstone. He kicked things off by Coppstone. He kicked things off by Coppstone. He kicked things off by introducing a lot of incredible new introducing a lot of incredible new introducing a lot of incredible new additions to the platform. Starting with additions to the platform. Starting with additions to the platform. Starting with a remote MCP server. I've been waiting a remote MCP server. I've been waiting a remote MCP server. I've been waiting for this one so our agents can manage for this one so our agents can manage for this one so our agents can manage our Superbase projects without us having our Superbase projects without us having our Superbase projects without us having to install anything. And then a lot of to install anything. And then a lot of to install anything. And then a lot of new things for scalability enterprise new things for scalability enterprise new things for scalability enterprise level in particular incorporating S3 level in particular incorporating S3 level in particular incorporating S3 buckets, Oreo which is a platform they buckets, Oreo which is a platform they buckets, Oreo which is a platform they just acquired and a new open source just acquired and a new open source just acquired and a new open source initiative for database orchestration initiative for database orchestration initiative for database orchestration called multi-gress which is probably the called multi-gress which is probably the called multi-gress which is probably the biggest thing for making superbase that biggest thing for making superbase that biggest thing for making superbase that much more scalable. I really do think much more scalable. I really do think much more scalable. I really do think that Superbase is the future of that Superbase is the future of that Superbase is the future of Postgress. When they say scale the Postgress. When they say scale the Postgress. When they say scale the millions they really mean it. And the millions they really mean it. And the millions they really mean it. And the biggest takeaway that I got out of this biggest takeaway that I got out of this biggest takeaway that I got out of this event is that they understand the event is that they understand the event is that they understand the limitations of Postgress as the limitations of Postgress as the limitations of Postgress as the underlying database and they're underlying database and they're underlying database and they're addressing that by building things on addressing that by building things on addressing that by building things on top of the Postgress engine while still top of the Postgress engine while still top of the Postgress engine while still making it just as easy for us as the end making it just as easy for us as the end making it just as easy for us as the end users to leverage Superbase. And with users to leverage Superbase. And with users to leverage Superbase. And with that, they've got their series E for a that, they've got their series E for a that, they've got their series E for a $100 million raise and a $5 billion $100 million raise and a $5 billion $100 million raise and a $5 billion valuation, which is extremely valuation, which is extremely valuation, which is extremely impressive. And last thing I'll say, if impressive. And last thing I'll say, if impressive. And last thing I'll say, if you really want to dive into multi-gress you really want to dive into multi-gress you really want to dive into multi-gress and see how that makes Superbase so and see how that makes Superbase so and see how that makes Superbase so scalable, Sugamarine did a talk right scalable, Sugamarine did a talk right scalable, Sugamarine did a talk right after Paul Coppstone where he covers after Paul Coppstone where he covers after Paul Coppstone where he covers more of the core architecture. So if you more of the core architecture. So if you more of the core architecture. So if you want to get more technical and see how want to get more technical and see how want to get more technical and see how Superbase can really scale, definitely Superbase can really scale, definitely Superbase can really scale, definitely check that out. And really the whole check that out. And really the whole check that out. And really the whole recap is worth checking out. So link in recap is worth checking out. So link in recap is worth checking out. So link in the description. I am always behind the description. I am always behind the description. I am always behind Superbase and I love it as a platform. Superbase and I love it as a platform. Superbase and I love it as a platform. So, this is probably the most important So, this is probably the most important So, this is probably the most important part of the video, showing you how to part of the video, showing you how to part of the video, showing you how to use Archon in an AI development use Archon in an AI development use Archon in an AI development workflow. And the main point that I want workflow. And the main point that I want workflow. And the main point that I want to drive across here in the next like to drive across here in the next like to drive across here in the next like five minutes that I've got with you is five minutes that I've got with you is five minutes that I've got with you is that it's up to you to define your own that it's up to you to define your own that it's up to you to define your own AI coding workflow and how you want to AI coding workflow and how you want to AI coding workflow and how you want to incorporate Archon. There's a lot of incorporate Archon. There's a lot of incorporate Archon. There's a lot of flexibility here. I'm going to recommend flexibility here. I'm going to recommend flexibility here. I'm going to recommend a couple of commands that I have for a couple of commands that I have for a couple of commands that I have for reusable workflows. But you get to reusable workflows. But you get to reusable workflows. But you get to decide when archon looks in the decide when archon looks in the decide when archon looks in the knowledge base, when it manage tasks, knowledge base, when it manage tasks, knowledge base, when it manage tasks, does it create the projects? Do you does it create the projects? Do you does it create the projects? Do you create the projects for the coding create the projects for the coding create the projects for the coding assistant first? That is all up to you assistant first? That is all up to you assistant first? That is all up to you entirely. And so when I am starting a entirely. And so when I am starting a entirely. And so when I am starting a new project or a new feature in an new project or a new feature in an new project or a new feature in an existing project, the first thing I'll existing project, the first thing I'll existing project, the first thing I'll do is set up my knowledge. What are the do is set up my knowledge. What are the do is set up my knowledge. What are the files that I want my coding assistant to files that I want my coding assistant to files that I want my coding assistant to reference or the documentation that I reference or the documentation that I reference or the documentation that I want it to search through? For example, want it to search through? For example, want it to search through? For example, maybe I'm building an AI agent with maybe I'm building an AI agent with maybe I'm building an AI agent with Pantic AI or I'm working on some backend Pantic AI or I'm working on some backend Pantic AI or I'm working on some backend that's using Superbase for the database that's using Superbase for the database that's using Superbase for the database and I want my AI coding assistant to be and I want my AI coding assistant to be and I want my AI coding assistant to be able to search through this able to search through this able to search through this documentation to understand how to code documentation to understand how to code documentation to understand how to code with Pantic AI or with the Superbase with Pantic AI or with the Superbase with Pantic AI or with the Superbase SDK. So find those resources and what SDK. So find those resources and what SDK. So find those resources and what you want to do is you want to go to the you want to do is you want to go to the you want to do is you want to go to the documentation. So for example, I can go documentation. So for example, I can go documentation. So for example, I can go to Google here and I can go superbase to Google here and I can go superbase to Google here and I can go superbase documentation. There we go. I got the documentation. There we go. I got the documentation. There we go. I got the superbase docs and I can actually start superbase docs and I can actually start superbase docs and I can actually start by just crawling this if I want to. So I by just crawling this if I want to. So I by just crawling this if I want to. So I can go to archon, click on add new can go to archon, click on add new can go to archon, click on add new knowledge, paste in this URL and start knowledge, paste in this URL and start knowledge, paste in this URL and start the crawl for any old website. This the crawl for any old website. This the crawl for any old website. This works. However, there are a couple of works. However, there are a couple of works. However, there are a couple of formats that are actually more optimal formats that are actually more optimal formats that are actually more optimal for crawling. So going to superbase to for crawling. So going to superbase to for crawling. So going to superbase to the documentation here. If I go to the documentation here. If I go to the documentation here. If I go to llms.ext, text. Take a look at this. llms.ext, text. Take a look at this. llms.ext, text. Take a look at this. Most documentation websites, if you just Most documentation websites, if you just Most documentation websites, if you just append llm.ext to it, I can do the exact append llm.ext to it, I can do the exact append llm.ext to it, I can do the exact same thing for Pantic AI. It has this same thing for Pantic AI. It has this same thing for Pantic AI. It has this curated list of files that are ready to curated list of files that are ready to curated list of files that are ready to be ingested as markdown for your AI be ingested as markdown for your AI be ingested as markdown for your AI coding assistant. So, I'd highly coding assistant. So, I'd highly coding assistant. So, I'd highly recommend looking to see if your recommend looking to see if your recommend looking to see if your documentation has that, and then if it documentation has that, and then if it documentation has that, and then if it does, copy this, go into Archon, and does, copy this, go into Archon, and does, copy this, go into Archon, and then crawl this instead of just the raw then crawl this instead of just the raw then crawl this instead of just the raw web page. I'll actually start the crawl web page. I'll actually start the crawl web page. I'll actually start the crawl here so we can see this in action. here so we can see this in action. here so we can see this in action. Another format that's really great is Another format that's really great is Another format that's really great is sitemaps. And so mem zero for example, sitemaps. And so mem zero for example, sitemaps. And so mem zero for example, which is a tool for agentic memory. They which is a tool for agentic memory. They which is a tool for agentic memory. They have a sitemap. And so I can do have a sitemap. And so I can do have a sitemap. And so I can do just/sitemap.xml. just/sitemap.xml. just/sitemap.xml. This is typically how you check for a This is typically how you check for a This is typically how you check for a sitemap. This is also a very good sitemap. This is also a very good sitemap. This is also a very good format. So I can copy this, go into format. So I can copy this, go into format. So I can copy this, go into archon, add this knowledge, start archon, add this knowledge, start archon, add this knowledge, start crawling. Boom. There we go. And you can crawling. Boom. There we go. And you can crawling. Boom. There we go. And you can crawl in parallel if you want to. So now crawl in parallel if you want to. So now crawl in parallel if you want to. So now we're crawling both the MEZO and Pantic we're crawling both the MEZO and Pantic we're crawling both the MEZO and Pantic AI documentation at the same time. And AI documentation at the same time. And AI documentation at the same time. And once this crawling is complete, our once this crawling is complete, our once this crawling is complete, our coding assistant through MCP will coding assistant through MCP will coding assistant through MCP will immediately be able to search through immediately be able to search through immediately be able to search through everything that we brought into our own everything that we brought into our own everything that we brought into our own private knowledge base. All right, I private knowledge base. All right, I private knowledge base. All right, I have both of my documentations crawled have both of my documentations crawled have both of my documentations crawled now and I can also click in to view the now and I can also click in to view the now and I can also click in to view the different chunks and the code examples different chunks and the code examples different chunks and the code examples that we're able to search through with that we're able to search through with that we're able to search through with the Archon MCP. And again, these can be the Archon MCP. And again, these can be the Archon MCP. And again, these can be any URLs that you want to crawl. I would any URLs that you want to crawl. I would any URLs that you want to crawl. I would recommend generally sticking to library recommend generally sticking to library recommend generally sticking to library documentation, especially with the documentation, especially with the documentation, especially with the sitemaps and the LLM.ext, but it is sitemaps and the LLM.ext, but it is sitemaps and the LLM.ext, but it is quite flexible. There's a lot that you quite flexible. There's a lot that you quite flexible. There's a lot that you can bring into your Archon knowledge can bring into your Archon knowledge can bring into your Archon knowledge base. So, we've got that set up now and base. So, we've got that set up now and base. So, we've got that set up now and we already have Archon connected through we already have Archon connected through we already have Archon connected through MCP. Now, we can dive right into coding MCP. Now, we can dive right into coding MCP. Now, we can dive right into coding something. Now, when I am creating code something. Now, when I am creating code something. Now, when I am creating code with an AI coding assistant, I always with an AI coding assistant, I always with an AI coding assistant, I always split things up between planning and split things up between planning and split things up between planning and implementation. I even have a full video implementation. I even have a full video implementation. I even have a full video that I'll link to right here where I go that I'll link to right here where I go that I'll link to right here where I go through my general process. And there's through my general process. And there's through my general process. And there's this really nifty Excal diagram that I this really nifty Excal diagram that I this really nifty Excal diagram that I have going through how I plan things out have going through how I plan things out have going through how I plan things out and then how I implement it. And I don't and then how I implement it. And I don't and then how I implement it. And I don't do all of this from scratch every single do all of this from scratch every single do all of this from scratch every single time. I take my general process for time. I take my general process for time. I take my general process for planning. I package that up into a planning. I package that up into a planning. I package that up into a markdown document that I have as a markdown document that I have as a markdown document that I have as a reusable workflow. You can take this as reusable workflow. You can take this as reusable workflow. You can take this as a starting point if you want. I'll have a starting point if you want. I'll have a starting point if you want. I'll have this linked in the description as well. this linked in the description as well. this linked in the description as well. But I encourage you to take my general But I encourage you to take my general But I encourage you to take my general ideas around planning and executing and ideas around planning and executing and ideas around planning and executing and actually build your own workflows. And actually build your own workflows. And actually build your own workflows. And that's the thing with Archon is you get that's the thing with Archon is you get that's the thing with Archon is you get to customize how you leverage it in your to customize how you leverage it in your to customize how you leverage it in your workflows. Like for example, I have step workflows. Like for example, I have step workflows. Like for example, I have step one, read and analyze a requirements. So one, read and analyze a requirements. So one, read and analyze a requirements. So there's a specific file that I pass in there's a specific file that I pass in there's a specific file that I pass in which is just what I want to build. And which is just what I want to build. And which is just what I want to build. And I have a really simple request for this I have a really simple request for this I have a really simple request for this demonstration purpose. I just want to demonstration purpose. I just want to demonstration purpose. I just want to build a panenti agent that uses mem. So build a panenti agent that uses mem. So build a panenti agent that uses mem. So obviously it has to leverage both of the obviously it has to leverage both of the obviously it has to leverage both of the pieces of documentation I have in pieces of documentation I have in pieces of documentation I have in archon. So I have it understand the archon. So I have it understand the archon. So I have it understand the requirements first and then I have this requirements first and then I have this requirements first and then I have this little research phase where it lists the little research phase where it lists the little research phase where it lists the different sources that we have crawled different sources that we have crawled different sources that we have crawled in archon and then it performs rag to in archon and then it performs rag to in archon and then it performs rag to look through the different chunks and look through the different chunks and look through the different chunks and code examples that we have there. And code examples that we have there. And code examples that we have there. And then I do codebase analysis if it's a then I do codebase analysis if it's a then I do codebase analysis if it's a feature in an existing codebase. And feature in an existing codebase. And feature in an existing codebase. And then I have a plan and design. I don't then I have a plan and design. I don't then I have a plan and design. I don't need to cover this whole markdown need to cover this whole markdown need to cover this whole markdown because the point I'm trying to drive because the point I'm trying to drive because the point I'm trying to drive home here is I just fit archon into some home here is I just fit archon into some home here is I just fit archon into some part of my planning process and you can part of my planning process and you can part of my planning process and you can customize this to however you want your customize this to however you want your customize this to however you want your AI coding assistant to use archon. And AI coding assistant to use archon. And AI coding assistant to use archon. And then I'm going to do the exact same then I'm going to do the exact same then I'm going to do the exact same thing for the implementation phase. I'm thing for the implementation phase. I'm thing for the implementation phase. I'm going to take my general process, going to take my general process, going to take my general process, package it up into a command that I can package it up into a command that I can package it up into a command that I can execute as a reusable workflow. And this execute as a reusable workflow. And this execute as a reusable workflow. And this one specifically speaks to how to one specifically speaks to how to one specifically speaks to how to leverage the projects and tasks within leverage the projects and tasks within leverage the projects and tasks within archon. So, I tell it to look in my archon. So, I tell it to look in my archon. So, I tell it to look in my global rules because this is where I'll global rules because this is where I'll global rules because this is where I'll specify any existing projects in Archon specify any existing projects in Archon specify any existing projects in Archon that I'm working on. If it doesn't find that I'm working on. If it doesn't find that I'm working on. If it doesn't find one there, then I tell it to make a new one there, then I tell it to make a new one there, then I tell it to make a new project and then manage all the tasks. project and then manage all the tasks. project and then manage all the tasks. So, create new tasks for each of the So, create new tasks for each of the So, create new tasks for each of the things that it's doing to knock out my things that it's doing to knock out my things that it's doing to knock out my implementation for me. These are the implementation for me. These are the implementation for me. These are the kinds of things again that you can kinds of things again that you can kinds of things again that you can customize to however you want to use customize to however you want to use customize to however you want to use Archon. And I'm going to keep saying Archon. And I'm going to keep saying Archon. And I'm going to keep saying that over and over again because that's that over and over again because that's that over and over again because that's the main point that I want to drive home the main point that I want to drive home the main point that I want to drive home here. And so, I'll show you. I actually here. And so, I'll show you. I actually here. And so, I'll show you. I actually ran the create plan already on my simple ran the create plan already on my simple ran the create plan already on my simple request for the Pantic AI agent. And request for the Pantic AI agent. And request for the Pantic AI agent. And here we go. It's using rag uh in Archon here we go. It's using rag uh in Archon here we go. It's using rag uh in Archon to search through the chunks and the to search through the chunks and the to search through the chunks and the code examples. It's doing quite a bit code examples. It's doing quite a bit code examples. It's doing quite a bit analysis here. This is looking really analysis here. This is looking really analysis here. This is looking really good. And then finally, after it reads good. And then finally, after it reads good. And then finally, after it reads through all of my documentation that it through all of my documentation that it through all of my documentation that it thinks it needs, it builds the plan for thinks it needs, it builds the plan for thinks it needs, it builds the plan for me. So, I go into the PRPS folder. This me. So, I go into the PRPS folder. This me. So, I go into the PRPS folder. This is a very simple version of PRP, by the is a very simple version of PRP, by the is a very simple version of PRP, by the way, if you followed my other content in way, if you followed my other content in way, if you followed my other content in the past. But yeah, take a look at this. the past. But yeah, take a look at this. the past. But yeah, take a look at this. We have this full implementation plan We have this full implementation plan We have this full implementation plan with all my research findings from with all my research findings from with all my research findings from Archon. It's got the different tasks Archon. It's got the different tasks Archon. It's got the different tasks that I wanted to knock out one by one. that I wanted to knock out one by one. that I wanted to knock out one by one. So now when I go and actually execute So now when I go and actually execute So now when I go and actually execute this plan, we're going to have all of this plan, we're going to have all of this plan, we're going to have all of these tasks created and managed in these tasks created and managed in these tasks created and managed in Archon. It is a beautiful thing. So I'm Archon. It is a beautiful thing. So I'm Archon. It is a beautiful thing. So I'm going to come back once I have going to come back once I have going to come back once I have everything executed. I'll show you how everything executed. I'll show you how everything executed. I'll show you how that worked as well. All right. I just that worked as well. All right. I just that worked as well. All right. I just wanted to come back mid-execution really wanted to come back mid-execution really wanted to come back mid-execution really quick to show you that I executed my quick to show you that I executed my quick to show you that I executed my workflow. It's starting a new project workflow. It's starting a new project workflow. It's starting a new project and adding a bunch of new tasks. And so and adding a bunch of new tasks. And so and adding a bunch of new tasks. And so we can see that here it created a brand we can see that here it created a brand we can see that here it created a brand new project in Archon. The nine tasks new project in Archon. The nine tasks new project in Archon. The nine tasks that I had in the plan that I created, that I had in the plan that I created, that I had in the plan that I created, it converted into Archon tasks and it it converted into Archon tasks and it it converted into Archon tasks and it moved the first one into doing to set up moved the first one into doing to set up moved the first one into doing to set up the initial project structure. Very, the initial project structure. Very, the initial project structure. Very, very nice. So, not only is it easier for very nice. So, not only is it easier for very nice. So, not only is it easier for us to manage the tasks for our coding us to manage the tasks for our coding us to manage the tasks for our coding assistant in Archon, it also gives us a assistant in Archon, it also gives us a assistant in Archon, it also gives us a lot of observability into what's lot of observability into what's lot of observability into what's happening. We can even click in to see happening. We can even click in to see happening. We can even click in to see the description to kind of see a little the description to kind of see a little the description to kind of see a little bit of extra details of what the coding bit of extra details of what the coding bit of extra details of what the coding assistant wants to do for this specific assistant wants to do for this specific assistant wants to do for this specific task. And again, we can always edit this task. And again, we can always edit this task. And again, we can always edit this to change the instructions live. We can to change the instructions live. We can to change the instructions live. We can add new tasks if we think it's missing add new tasks if we think it's missing add new tasks if we think it's missing something. We have that flexibility to something. We have that flexibility to something. We have that flexibility to edit things live and again determine the edit things live and again determine the edit things live and again determine the workflow in the markdown document. So workflow in the markdown document. So workflow in the markdown document. So I'll come back again once we have the I'll come back again once we have the I'll come back again once we have the final implementation. Okay, our final implementation. Okay, our final implementation. Okay, our implementation is complete. I just cut implementation is complete. I just cut implementation is complete. I just cut it short of the validation here because it short of the validation here because it short of the validation here because it's not the point to have a fully it's not the point to have a fully it's not the point to have a fully complete solution in this video here. complete solution in this video here. complete solution in this video here. But yeah, it's got all the tasks in But yeah, it's got all the tasks in But yeah, it's got all the tasks in review. It was just about to create the review. It was just about to create the review. It was just about to create the tests and then move everything into tests and then move everything into tests and then move everything into done. So the Archon integration for the done. So the Archon integration for the done. So the Archon integration for the project management is working perfectly. project management is working perfectly. project management is working perfectly. And if we look at the code just really And if we look at the code just really And if we look at the code just really quickly here, I can see and I I checked quickly here, I can see and I I checked quickly here, I can see and I I checked this off camera already. It's looking this off camera already. It's looking this off camera already. It's looking really good. Like it clearly understands really good. Like it clearly understands really good. Like it clearly understands how to build padanti agents, how to work how to build padanti agents, how to work how to build padanti agents, how to work with the memories with me zero. This is with the memories with me zero. This is with the memories with me zero. This is the kind of thing it would not have been the kind of thing it would not have been the kind of thing it would not have been able to figure out without being able to able to figure out without being able to able to figure out without being able to look at the mem zero and podantic look at the mem zero and podantic look at the mem zero and podantic documentation because LLMs have the documentation because LLMs have the documentation because LLMs have the notorious training cutoff. They don't notorious training cutoff. They don't notorious training cutoff. They don't understand these libraries and that's understand these libraries and that's understand these libraries and that's why we need rag with archon for it to why we need rag with archon for it to why we need rag with archon for it to write accurate code and it definitely write accurate code and it definitely write accurate code and it definitely looks like it did. So yeah, at a high looks like it did. So yeah, at a high looks like it did. So yeah, at a high level that's how I use archon with my level that's how I use archon with my level that's how I use archon with my planning and my executing. Build these planning and my executing. Build these planning and my executing. Build these workflows yourself. take inspiration workflows yourself. take inspiration workflows yourself. take inspiration from this if you want because again I from this if you want because again I from this if you want because again I will have these linked in the will have these linked in the will have these linked in the description if you want to use these description if you want to use these description if you want to use these slash commands and slash commands are slash commands and slash commands are slash commands and slash commands are just prompts and so no matter your AI just prompts and so no matter your AI just prompts and so no matter your AI coding assistant you can tell it to look coding assistant you can tell it to look coding assistant you can tell it to look at this markdown document and and at this markdown document and and at this markdown document and and execute this operation you don't have to execute this operation you don't have to execute this operation you don't have to use cloud code like I'm using in this use cloud code like I'm using in this use cloud code like I'm using in this demo it is just my preferred AI coding demo it is just my preferred AI coding demo it is just my preferred AI coding assistant right now so that is assistant right now so that is assistant right now so that is everything that I have for you my friend everything that I have for you my friend everything that I have for you my friend on using archon a full guide with the on using archon a full guide with the on using archon a full guide with the setup and how to incorporate in your AI setup and how to incorporate in your AI setup and how to incorporate in your AI coding workflows I definitely want to be coding workflows I definitely want to be coding workflows I definitely want to be putting out a lot more content on my putting out a lot more content on my putting out a lot more content on my channel in the near future as well, channel in the near future as well, channel in the near future as well, diving even deeper into incorporating diving even deeper into incorporating diving even deeper into incorporating Archon into building full projects end Archon into building full projects end Archon into building full projects end to end. So definitely stay tuned for to end. So definitely stay tuned for to end. So definitely stay tuned for that if you're interested. If you that if you're interested. If you that if you're interested. If you appreciated this video and Archon and appreciated this video and Archon and appreciated this video and Archon and you're looking forward to more content you're looking forward to more content you're looking forward to more content on AI coding and using Archon, I would on AI coding and using Archon, I would on AI coding and using Archon, I would really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I'll see you subscribe. And with that, I'll see you subscribe. And with that, I'll see you in the next
