Title: The True Power of AI Coding - Build Your OWN Workflows (Full Guide)
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

No matter what you are building, if No matter what you are building, if No matter what you are building, if you're working with AI coding you're working with AI coding you're working with AI coding assistants, it is a lot more than just assistants, it is a lot more than just assistants, it is a lot more than just prompts. It's all about creating prompts. It's all about creating prompts. It's all about creating systems, workflows that can evolve to systems, workflows that can evolve to systems, workflows that can evolve to fit your needs. I know it's tempting to fit your needs. I know it's tempting to fit your needs. I know it's tempting to just wing it. But if you want to build just wing it. But if you want to build just wing it. But if you want to build anything substantial, you do need anything substantial, you do need anything substantial, you do need structure. There's a reason why we have structure. There's a reason why we have structure. There's a reason why we have so many strategies around context so many strategies around context so many strategies around context engineering like the PRP framework or engineering like the PRP framework or engineering like the PRP framework or BMAD, the GitHub spec kit. There's a BMAD, the GitHub spec kit. There's a BMAD, the GitHub spec kit. There's a million of them out there. And that's million of them out there. And that's million of them out there. And that's actually the problem as well. It's easy actually the problem as well. It's easy actually the problem as well. It's easy to get lost in the sauce, so to speak, to get lost in the sauce, so to speak, to get lost in the sauce, so to speak, with all these different strategies and with all these different strategies and with all these different strategies and how they apply to you. Now, the solution how they apply to you. Now, the solution how they apply to you. Now, the solution to this problem is what I'm going to be to this problem is what I'm going to be to this problem is what I'm going to be covering with you in this video. We're covering with you in this video. We're covering with you in this video. We're going to be scrapping the notion of going to be scrapping the notion of going to be scrapping the notion of existing frameworks like PRP and BMAD, existing frameworks like PRP and BMAD, existing frameworks like PRP and BMAD, and we're going to be building our own. and we're going to be building our own. and we're going to be building our own. I'll show you how it works. Because if I'll show you how it works. Because if I'll show you how it works. Because if we can understand the philosophy and we can understand the philosophy and we can understand the philosophy and strategies that go into all these strategies that go into all these strategies that go into all these existing frameworks, not only can we use existing frameworks, not only can we use existing frameworks, not only can we use them better because we actually them better because we actually them better because we actually understand them, but also we can tweak understand them, but also we can tweak understand them, but also we can tweak them to our needs and even build our own them to our needs and even build our own them to our needs and even build our own workflows and systems. This is where the workflows and systems. This is where the workflows and systems. This is where the power really comes into your hand. And power really comes into your hand. And power really comes into your hand. And this diagram that you're looking at here this diagram that you're looking at here this diagram that you're looking at here is everything I'm going to cover with is everything I'm going to cover with is everything I'm going to cover with you in this video. It sums it up really you in this video. It sums it up really you in this video. It sums it up really nicely because I want to keep things nicely because I want to keep things nicely because I want to keep things simple and fundamental here. I want to simple and fundamental here. I want to simple and fundamental here. I want to give you a process that you can apply give you a process that you can apply give you a process that you can apply that'll take you super far with AI that'll take you super far with AI that'll take you super far with AI coding assistance no matter what you are coding assistance no matter what you are coding assistance no matter what you are making. So the primary mental model that making. So the primary mental model that making. So the primary mental model that guides most of my coding is the guides most of my coding is the guides most of my coding is the three-step process of planning, then three-step process of planning, then three-step process of planning, then implementing and then validating. That's implementing and then validating. That's implementing and then validating. That's we're going to build a workflow around. we're going to build a workflow around. we're going to build a workflow around. And so I'll just go through at a really And so I'll just go through at a really And so I'll just go through at a really high level everything that we're high level everything that we're high level everything that we're covering here. Then we'll get into covering here. Then we'll get into covering here. Then we'll get into detail and I'll show you a real example detail and I'll show you a real example detail and I'll show you a real example as well. And so first of all, I always as well. And so first of all, I always as well. And so first of all, I always start with planning. And I have a start with planning. And I have a start with planning. And I have a multi-step process for this. I start multi-step process for this. I start multi-step process for this. I start with vibe planning. That's what I like with vibe planning. That's what I like with vibe planning. That's what I like to call it. We're basically just to call it. We're basically just to call it. We're basically just exploring very free form the different exploring very free form the different exploring very free form the different ideas that we want to implement for a ideas that we want to implement for a ideas that we want to implement for a new project or the codebase for an new project or the codebase for an new project or the codebase for an existing project. And then from there, existing project. And then from there, existing project. And then from there, we create our initial requirements for we create our initial requirements for we create our initial requirements for that new feature or new project. And that new feature or new project. And that new feature or new project. And then we prepare all of the context so then we prepare all of the context so then we prepare all of the context so the AI coding assistant has what it the AI coding assistant has what it the AI coding assistant has what it needs to get the job done. And slash needs to get the job done. And slash needs to get the job done. And slash commands are great for this. We're going commands are great for this. We're going commands are great for this. We're going to be covering slash commands and sub to be covering slash commands and sub to be covering slash commands and sub aents and other components of AI coding aents and other components of AI coding aents and other components of AI coding in this video as well. And then once we in this video as well. And then once we in this video as well. And then once we have all of the context we need, we want have all of the context we need, we want have all of the context we need, we want to then execute on it to actually to then execute on it to actually to then execute on it to actually produce our code. And creating a produce our code. And creating a produce our code. And creating a predefined workflow through slash predefined workflow through slash predefined workflow through slash commands is fantastic for this as well. commands is fantastic for this as well. commands is fantastic for this as well. So we can define how we want to manage So we can define how we want to manage So we can define how we want to manage tasks and research our codebase, those tasks and research our codebase, those tasks and research our codebase, those kinds of things. And once we have the kinds of things. And once we have the kinds of things. And once we have the code outputed, it is time for code outputed, it is time for code outputed, it is time for validation. And we want to leverage AI validation. And we want to leverage AI validation. And we want to leverage AI coding assistants to validate their own coding assistants to validate their own coding assistants to validate their own work and then put ourselves in the work and then put ourselves in the work and then put ourselves in the process as well. making sure that we can process as well. making sure that we can process as well. making sure that we can really be the project manager for the AI really be the project manager for the AI really be the project manager for the AI coding assistant. And then the last coding assistant. And then the last coding assistant. And then the last thing that I'll be covering throughout thing that I'll be covering throughout thing that I'll be covering throughout this video here is the different this video here is the different this video here is the different concepts for AI coding assistance and concepts for AI coding assistance and concepts for AI coding assistance and how they apply to different parts of our how they apply to different parts of our how they apply to different parts of our workflow like global rules and sub aents workflow like global rules and sub aents workflow like global rules and sub aents and slash commands. For example, we and slash commands. For example, we and slash commands. For example, we don't actually want to use sub aents in don't actually want to use sub aents in don't actually want to use sub aents in the implementation phase. So I'll talk the implementation phase. So I'll talk the implementation phase. So I'll talk about how that works, really the about how that works, really the about how that works, really the philosophy behind it. This will also philosophy behind it. This will also philosophy behind it. This will also help you understand how these different help you understand how these different help you understand how these different strategies work like PRP and BMAD. Now, strategies work like PRP and BMAD. Now, strategies work like PRP and BMAD. Now, what I'll be building live here is not what I'll be building live here is not what I'll be building live here is not the focus of this video. So, I thought I the focus of this video. So, I thought I the focus of this video. So, I thought I would take this as an opportunity to do would take this as an opportunity to do would take this as an opportunity to do something fun and different, showing you something fun and different, showing you something fun and different, showing you something that I'm working on personally something that I'm working on personally something that I'm working on personally because I've been overhauling my because I've been overhauling my because I've been overhauling my productivity workflows recently, productivity workflows recently, productivity workflows recently, switching to an app called Obsidian. It switching to an app called Obsidian. It switching to an app called Obsidian. It is a free and local knowledge management is a free and local knowledge management is a free and local knowledge management platform. You can kind of think of it platform. You can kind of think of it platform. You can kind of think of it like Notion except there's also a ton of like Notion except there's also a ton of like Notion except there's also a ton of open source plugins to extend it. I'm open source plugins to extend it. I'm open source plugins to extend it. I'm working on some myself. I will probably working on some myself. I will probably working on some myself. I will probably be creating a lot more content around be creating a lot more content around be creating a lot more content around Obsidian in the future because you can Obsidian in the future because you can Obsidian in the future because you can also use it as your second brain. It's also use it as your second brain. It's also use it as your second brain. It's super cool and there's a lot of AI super cool and there's a lot of AI super cool and there's a lot of AI integrations that I have been working on integrations that I have been working on integrations that I have been working on including what I'm going to showcase in including what I'm going to showcase in including what I'm going to showcase in this video. So, we have the co-pilot this video. So, we have the co-pilot this video. So, we have the co-pilot chat on the right hand side. This is chat on the right hand side. This is chat on the right hand side. This is connected to, you can see it right here connected to, you can see it right here connected to, you can see it right here in the bottom right the Dynamis Obsidian in the bottom right the Dynamis Obsidian in the bottom right the Dynamis Obsidian agent. I have my own AI agent that I agent. I have my own AI agent that I agent. I have my own AI agent that I have running in Docker on my computer have running in Docker on my computer have running in Docker on my computer and that is what Obsidian is connected and that is what Obsidian is connected and that is what Obsidian is connected to. It's super cool. So, I can say tell to. It's super cool. So, I can say tell to. It's super cool. So, I can say tell me about and then I can reference files me about and then I can reference files me about and then I can reference files within Obsidian like the one that you're within Obsidian like the one that you're within Obsidian like the one that you're looking at right here. I can send this looking at right here. I can send this looking at right here. I can send this in and it's going to my custom agent. in and it's going to my custom agent. in and it's going to my custom agent. This connection here is what we're going This connection here is what we're going This connection here is what we're going to be building out in this video just as to be building out in this video just as to be building out in this video just as an example for the custom workflows that an example for the custom workflows that an example for the custom workflows that we're creating here. It's super cool. we're creating here. It's super cool. we're creating here. It's super cool. Take a look at that. All right. Now, Take a look at that. All right. Now, Take a look at that. All right. Now, let's dive into the process and we'll let's dive into the process and we'll let's dive into the process and we'll start with the planning phase here, start with the planning phase here, start with the planning phase here, which honestly is the most important which honestly is the most important which honestly is the most important phase by far because if you're not phase by far because if you're not phase by far because if you're not curating your context correctly for the curating your context correctly for the curating your context correctly for the AI coding assistant, it will fall on its AI coding assistant, it will fall on its AI coding assistant, it will fall on its face. And by the way, everything in this face. And by the way, everything in this face. And by the way, everything in this video is going to be rather brief. I video is going to be rather brief. I video is going to be rather brief. I just want to start with the basics here. just want to start with the basics here. just want to start with the basics here. If you really want to dive deep into If you really want to dive deep into If you really want to dive deep into mastering AI coding assistance with me, mastering AI coding assistance with me, mastering AI coding assistance with me, definitely come be a part of the definitely come be a part of the definitely come be a part of the half-day workshop that I'm hosting on half-day workshop that I'm hosting on half-day workshop that I'm hosting on September 27th. This is where we really September 27th. This is where we really September 27th. This is where we really dive deep. All of my strategies in one dive deep. All of my strategies in one dive deep. All of my strategies in one place for getting the most out of AI place for getting the most out of AI place for getting the most out of AI coding assistance. So, hope to see you coding assistance. So, hope to see you coding assistance. So, hope to see you there. Link below. Definitely check it there. Link below. Definitely check it there. Link below. Definitely check it out. I am going to be pouring so much out. I am going to be pouring so much out. I am going to be pouring so much value into that workshop. And so, right value into that workshop. And so, right value into that workshop. And so, right now, you kind of get a taste actually of now, you kind of get a taste actually of now, you kind of get a taste actually of a lot of what we're going to be covering a lot of what we're going to be covering a lot of what we're going to be covering here. I want to help you build your own here. I want to help you build your own here. I want to help you build your own AI coding workflows so you can AI coding workflows so you can AI coding workflows so you can understand the philosophy and strategies understand the philosophy and strategies understand the philosophy and strategies that go into all these different that go into all these different that go into all these different frameworks. And so, with that, we can frameworks. And so, with that, we can frameworks. And so, with that, we can start with the planning phase. Now, the start with the planning phase. Now, the start with the planning phase. Now, the first thing I always do to start the first thing I always do to start the first thing I always do to start the planning phase is vibe planning. Now, planning phase is vibe planning. Now, planning phase is vibe planning. Now, hear me out on this. If you've seen my hear me out on this. If you've seen my hear me out on this. If you've seen my AI coding content in the past, you know AI coding content in the past, you know AI coding content in the past, you know that I'm not a fan of vibe coding, but that I'm not a fan of vibe coding, but that I'm not a fan of vibe coding, but that's different because that's when we that's different because that's when we that's different because that's when we get into the actual implementation. We get into the actual implementation. We get into the actual implementation. We definitely want a lot of structure and definitely want a lot of structure and definitely want a lot of structure and validation there. But when we're in the validation there. But when we're in the validation there. But when we're in the planning phase initially, all we're planning phase initially, all we're planning phase initially, all we're doing is exploring ideas, architecture, doing is exploring ideas, architecture, doing is exploring ideas, architecture, concepts, figuring out our tech stack. concepts, figuring out our tech stack. concepts, figuring out our tech stack. We're doing that with our AI coding We're doing that with our AI coding We're doing that with our AI coding assistant as our research companion. And assistant as our research companion. And assistant as our research companion. And I purposefully do not want this to be I purposefully do not want this to be I purposefully do not want this to be structured because I want a more structured because I want a more structured because I want a more freeformed mindset as I'm working in freeformed mindset as I'm working in freeformed mindset as I'm working in this initial phase. And so for new this initial phase. And so for new this initial phase. And so for new projects, this means researching online projects, this means researching online projects, this means researching online resources, previous projects that you've resources, previous projects that you've resources, previous projects that you've implemented. I actually love to do this implemented. I actually love to do this implemented. I actually love to do this where I'll create an examples folder in where I'll create an examples folder in where I'll create an examples folder in my codebase and take existing projects my codebase and take existing projects my codebase and take existing projects and put it there and research that with and put it there and research that with and put it there and research that with my coding assistant. And then for my coding assistant. And then for my coding assistant. And then for existing projects, it's generally existing projects, it's generally existing projects, it's generally researching and analyzing the existing researching and analyzing the existing researching and analyzing the existing codebase to see where our new feature is codebase to see where our new feature is codebase to see where our new feature is going to fit in. And of course, this going to fit in. And of course, this going to fit in. And of course, this isn't an exhaustive list. It's really isn't an exhaustive list. It's really isn't an exhaustive list. It's really whatever you want to do to have a whatever you want to do to have a whatever you want to do to have a conversation with your AI coding conversation with your AI coding conversation with your AI coding assistant so you're both on the same assistant so you're both on the same assistant so you're both on the same page of what needs to be fully planned page of what needs to be fully planned page of what needs to be fully planned and implemented. And so once you have and implemented. And so once you have and implemented. And so once you have that conversation with the coding that conversation with the coding that conversation with the coding assistant, within that same context assistant, within that same context assistant, within that same context window, I'll have it help me create what window, I'll have it help me create what window, I'll have it help me create what I like to call an initial MD. This is I like to call an initial MD. This is I like to call an initial MD. This is the first file that we create for our the first file that we create for our the first file that we create for our planning. Just a simple markdown planning. Just a simple markdown planning. Just a simple markdown document. The goal is to produce a document. The goal is to produce a document. The goal is to produce a markdown doc with a detailed feature markdown doc with a detailed feature markdown doc with a detailed feature request, otherwise known as a PRD. This request, otherwise known as a PRD. This request, otherwise known as a PRD. This is the kind of document that's more high is the kind of document that's more high is the kind of document that's more high level, the kind of thing you could give level, the kind of thing you could give level, the kind of thing you could give to another human to describe what you're to another human to describe what you're to another human to describe what you're looking to build. So, at this point, looking to build. So, at this point, looking to build. So, at this point, we're not super specific to prompting we're not super specific to prompting we're not super specific to prompting strategies for the coding assistant yet. strategies for the coding assistant yet. strategies for the coding assistant yet. And so, for a new project, generally, And so, for a new project, generally, And so, for a new project, generally, you want this to be very high level. a you want this to be very high level. a you want this to be very high level. a simple MVP for the application you want simple MVP for the application you want simple MVP for the application you want to build, including a lot of references to build, including a lot of references to build, including a lot of references to the supporting documentation and to the supporting documentation and to the supporting documentation and examples that you found in the vibe examples that you found in the vibe examples that you found in the vibe planning stage. And then for the planning stage. And then for the planning stage. And then for the existing project, it's pretty similar, existing project, it's pretty similar, existing project, it's pretty similar, but it's going to be a lot more focused but it's going to be a lot more focused but it's going to be a lot more focused and detailed that specific feature you and detailed that specific feature you and detailed that specific feature you want to build into the existing want to build into the existing want to build into the existing codebase, including a lot of references codebase, including a lot of references codebase, including a lot of references to what I like to call integration to what I like to call integration to what I like to call integration points. The files that have to be points. The files that have to be points. The files that have to be edited, maybe the files you want to edited, maybe the files you want to edited, maybe the files you want to reference for architecture. Again, all reference for architecture. Again, all reference for architecture. Again, all of those things that you discover with of those things that you discover with of those things that you discover with the coding assistant in the vibe the coding assistant in the vibe the coding assistant in the vibe planning stage. So once we have this planning stage. So once we have this planning stage. So once we have this initial MD, that's when we want to take initial MD, that's when we want to take initial MD, that's when we want to take our requirements and turn it into a our requirements and turn it into a our requirements and turn it into a full-fledged prompt for the AI coding full-fledged prompt for the AI coding full-fledged prompt for the AI coding assistant. And this is really where the assistant. And this is really where the assistant. And this is really where the strategies around context engineering strategies around context engineering strategies around context engineering come into play. You've probably seen come into play. You've probably seen come into play. You've probably seen this diagram on my channel before, but I this diagram on my channel before, but I this diagram on my channel before, but I recreated it from scratch in Excaladraw. recreated it from scratch in Excaladraw. recreated it from scratch in Excaladraw. Hope you're proud of me. I put way too Hope you're proud of me. I put way too Hope you're proud of me. I put way too much effort into making this. It's kind much effort into making this. It's kind much effort into making this. It's kind of silly, but anyway, we have RAG, of silly, but anyway, we have RAG, of silly, but anyway, we have RAG, providing external documentation to our providing external documentation to our providing external documentation to our coding assistant, memory, like our coding assistant, memory, like our coding assistant, memory, like our conversation history. We have task conversation history. We have task conversation history. We have task management. This is super important for management. This is super important for management. This is super important for the planning phase, and we'll talk about the planning phase, and we'll talk about the planning phase, and we'll talk about this in a little bit. And then, of this in a little bit. And then, of this in a little bit. And then, of course, we have prompt engineering, course, we have prompt engineering, course, we have prompt engineering, which is a lot about how do we take our which is a lot about how do we take our which is a lot about how do we take our initial request and craft it in a way initial request and craft it in a way initial request and craft it in a way where we have a plan of attack for the where we have a plan of attack for the where we have a plan of attack for the coding assistant. And so, the goal in coding assistant. And so, the goal in coding assistant. And so, the goal in this stage, we are producing a second this stage, we are producing a second this stage, we are producing a second markdown document. So, we take our markdown document. So, we take our markdown document. So, we take our initial MD and we produce a detailed set initial MD and we produce a detailed set initial MD and we produce a detailed set of goals, tasks, and resources for the of goals, tasks, and resources for the of goals, tasks, and resources for the AI coding assistant. Basically giving it AI coding assistant. Basically giving it AI coding assistant. Basically giving it everything it needs to get the job done everything it needs to get the job done everything it needs to get the job done effectively. So, we're taking our PRD, effectively. So, we're taking our PRD, effectively. So, we're taking our PRD, turning it into a full-fledged turning it into a full-fledged turning it into a full-fledged implementation prompt. And by the way, implementation prompt. And by the way, implementation prompt. And by the way, this is exactly what the PRP framework this is exactly what the PRP framework this is exactly what the PRP framework accomplishes that I cover on my channel. accomplishes that I cover on my channel. accomplishes that I cover on my channel. And so I'm starting from the basics And so I'm starting from the basics And so I'm starting from the basics here, but it's kind of cool how like it here, but it's kind of cool how like it here, but it's kind of cool how like it naturally progresses into kind of a naturally progresses into kind of a naturally progresses into kind of a light bulb moment where it's like, "Oh light bulb moment where it's like, "Oh light bulb moment where it's like, "Oh yeah, PRP, that totally makes sense yeah, PRP, that totally makes sense yeah, PRP, that totally makes sense because that's exactly what we're because that's exactly what we're because that's exactly what we're doing." When you generate a PRP, you're doing." When you generate a PRP, you're doing." When you generate a PRP, you're taking your initial requirements and taking your initial requirements and taking your initial requirements and turning it into a much more structured turning it into a much more structured turning it into a much more structured document for the coding assistant that document for the coding assistant that document for the coding assistant that has things like the task list that you has things like the task list that you has things like the task list that you want to knock out, your desired codebase want to knock out, your desired codebase want to knock out, your desired codebase structure, your success criteria, all structure, your success criteria, all structure, your success criteria, all the documentation examples that you the documentation examples that you the documentation examples that you wanted to reference. That is what we're wanted to reference. That is what we're wanted to reference. That is what we're creating with our planning document. And creating with our planning document. And creating with our planning document. And there are a lot of tools to help us get there are a lot of tools to help us get there are a lot of tools to help us get the job done here. I'll show you Archon the job done here. I'll show you Archon the job done here. I'll show you Archon in a little bit with our live example, in a little bit with our live example, in a little bit with our live example, the PRP framework, of course, even the PRP framework, of course, even the PRP framework, of course, even simple web search tools that we have simple web search tools that we have simple web search tools that we have with things like cloud code. That is a with things like cloud code. That is a with things like cloud code. That is a part of the rag that we have for context part of the rag that we have for context part of the rag that we have for context engineering and archon is also for rag engineering and archon is also for rag engineering and archon is also for rag by the way and also our task management. by the way and also our task management. by the way and also our task management. And then a lot of other tools coming out And then a lot of other tools coming out And then a lot of other tools coming out like the GitHub spec kit is rather new, like the GitHub spec kit is rather new, like the GitHub spec kit is rather new, really cool, provides a lot of commands really cool, provides a lot of commands really cool, provides a lot of commands to help us do a very similar thing that to help us do a very similar thing that to help us do a very similar thing that we're doing here with the vibe planning we're doing here with the vibe planning we're doing here with the vibe planning and then you know creating our initial and then you know creating our initial and then you know creating our initial requirements and creating the plan. requirements and creating the plan. requirements and creating the plan. GitHub spec kit does a lot of that. And GitHub spec kit does a lot of that. And GitHub spec kit does a lot of that. And so again, understanding the philosophies so again, understanding the philosophies so again, understanding the philosophies here that go behind these different here that go behind these different here that go behind these different strategies. All right, let's get into strategies. All right, let's get into strategies. All right, let's get into the codebase now because I want to show the codebase now because I want to show the codebase now because I want to show you how this works in action. Now, for you how this works in action. Now, for you how this works in action. Now, for brevity sake, I already had the brevity sake, I already had the brevity sake, I already had the conversation complete, but I'll walk you conversation complete, but I'll walk you conversation complete, but I'll walk you through my general process, how I'm through my general process, how I'm through my general process, how I'm applying the principles to start to applying the principles to start to applying the principles to start to create this AI coding workflow that I'll create this AI coding workflow that I'll create this AI coding workflow that I'll showcase here. That is just an example showcase here. That is just an example showcase here. That is just an example of the kind of thing that you can build. of the kind of thing that you can build. of the kind of thing that you can build. And so, first of all, we're starting And so, first of all, we're starting And so, first of all, we're starting with a brand new conversation with cloud with a brand new conversation with cloud with a brand new conversation with cloud code. And this works no matter your code. And this works no matter your code. And this works no matter your coding assistant, of course. And the coding assistant, of course. And the coding assistant, of course. And the first thing I do whenever I start a new first thing I do whenever I start a new first thing I do whenever I start a new conversation working in an existing conversation working in an existing conversation working in an existing codebase like I'm doing for this codebase like I'm doing for this codebase like I'm doing for this Obsidian integration is I will run a Obsidian integration is I will run a Obsidian integration is I will run a primer slash command. And so we're primer slash command. And so we're primer slash command. And so we're starting to get into slash commands starting to get into slash commands starting to get into slash commands here. Slash commands are simply prompts here. Slash commands are simply prompts here. Slash commands are simply prompts that you want to turn into reusable that you want to turn into reusable that you want to turn into reusable workflows which very much goes with the workflows which very much goes with the workflows which very much goes with the theme that we have here. creating a theme that we have here. creating a theme that we have here. creating a system for AI coding both with mental system for AI coding both with mental system for AI coding both with mental models and also with literal workflows models and also with literal workflows models and also with literal workflows that we have created as these markdown that we have created as these markdown that we have created as these markdown slashcomands here. And so what the slashcomands here. And so what the slashcomands here. And so what the primer does is it lists out instructions primer does is it lists out instructions primer does is it lists out instructions for files to read to quickly catch the for files to read to quickly catch the for files to read to quickly catch the AI coding assistant up to speed on our AI coding assistant up to speed on our AI coding assistant up to speed on our project when we're starting a new project when we're starting a new project when we're starting a new conversation. And so that way it kind of conversation. And so that way it kind of conversation. And so that way it kind of feels like our coding assistant has been feels like our coding assistant has been feels like our coding assistant has been working with us on this project for a working with us on this project for a working with us on this project for a while now, but it is actually a fresh while now, but it is actually a fresh while now, but it is actually a fresh conversation. And so it does a bunch of conversation. And so it does a bunch of conversation. And so it does a bunch of research through the key files in my research through the key files in my research through the key files in my codebase. And then at this point I'm codebase. And then at this point I'm codebase. And then at this point I'm ready to move to the vibe planning and ready to move to the vibe planning and ready to move to the vibe planning and slash commands are pretty important for slash commands are pretty important for slash commands are pretty important for most stages of our workflow here. Really most stages of our workflow here. Really most stages of our workflow here. Really every single stage. And so I have this every single stage. And so I have this every single stage. And so I have this part of the diagram here talking about part of the diagram here talking about part of the diagram here talking about this for the planning stage. This is this for the planning stage. This is this for the planning stage. This is where we want to set up our global where we want to set up our global where we want to set up our global rules, the key instructions for our rules, the key instructions for our rules, the key instructions for our coding assistant. And then we use sub coding assistant. And then we use sub coding assistant. And then we use sub aents and slash commands to automate aents and slash commands to automate aents and slash commands to automate parts to create those workflows for parts to create those workflows for parts to create those workflows for parts of our planning stage. And we do a parts of our planning stage. And we do a parts of our planning stage. And we do a lot of that for validation and lot of that for validation and lot of that for validation and implementation as well. Except we don't implementation as well. Except we don't implementation as well. Except we don't use sub agents for implementation. I'll use sub agents for implementation. I'll use sub agents for implementation. I'll talk about that in a second here. So talk about that in a second here. So talk about that in a second here. So yeah, we're in the VI planning stage yeah, we're in the VI planning stage yeah, we're in the VI planning stage now. And this is where, like I said, we now. And this is where, like I said, we now. And this is where, like I said, we don't have structured prompts. It's don't have structured prompts. It's don't have structured prompts. It's super basic here. I just describe at a super basic here. I just describe at a super basic here. I just describe at a high level what I want to build because high level what I want to build because high level what I want to build because I want my AI agent to be able to connect I want my AI agent to be able to connect I want my AI agent to be able to connect to my Obsidian vault. I give an example to my Obsidian vault. I give an example to my Obsidian vault. I give an example that I pulled from a past project that I that I pulled from a past project that I that I pulled from a past project that I want it to reference. This is just the want it to reference. This is just the want it to reference. This is just the high level. Let's start to get into the high level. Let's start to get into the high level. Let's start to get into the code. Then once we do this exploration code. Then once we do this exploration code. Then once we do this exploration and we're confident in its understanding and we're confident in its understanding and we're confident in its understanding and you can kind of elaborate more and and you can kind of elaborate more and and you can kind of elaborate more and and fix up some of its understanding, and fix up some of its understanding, and fix up some of its understanding, you make sure you're on the same page you make sure you're on the same page you make sure you're on the same page with it. Then you will go and create the with it. Then you will go and create the with it. Then you will go and create the initial MD. And so you on the same page, initial MD. And so you on the same page, initial MD. And so you on the same page, you did your planning. Now we start to you did your planning. Now we start to you did your planning. Now we start to add in our structure. And so in this add in our structure. And so in this add in our structure. And so in this case, I'm calling my initial MD OpenAI case, I'm calling my initial MD OpenAI case, I'm calling my initial MD OpenAI API compatibility. It's just a markdown API compatibility. It's just a markdown API compatibility. It's just a markdown document with that initial request that document with that initial request that document with that initial request that we have for our AI coding assistant. So we have for our AI coding assistant. So we have for our AI coding assistant. So we have the feature that we want at a we have the feature that we want at a we have the feature that we want at a high level, the endpoints that we want high level, the endpoints that we want high level, the endpoints that we want to build, some examples of how we want to build, some examples of how we want to build, some examples of how we want to interact with our agent. It's not to interact with our agent. It's not to interact with our agent. It's not super super planned out at this point, super super planned out at this point, super super planned out at this point, but this is our initial request that but this is our initial request that but this is our initial request that we're then going to turn into the full we're then going to turn into the full we're then going to turn into the full plan. That's the key here is at this plan. That's the key here is at this plan. That's the key here is at this point we're just creating our initial point we're just creating our initial point we're just creating our initial MD. And so we have that built out. And MD. And so we have that built out. And MD. And so we have that built out. And now at this point that is the end of our now at this point that is the end of our now at this point that is the end of our first conversation. We want to move now first conversation. We want to move now first conversation. We want to move now to another fresh conversation because we to another fresh conversation because we to another fresh conversation because we want to move on to the next stage of our want to move on to the next stage of our want to move on to the next stage of our workflow. Taking that request and workflow. Taking that request and workflow. Taking that request and turning it into the full plan with all turning it into the full plan with all turning it into the full plan with all of the context engineering. And so I've of the context engineering. And so I've of the context engineering. And so I've created yet another slash command for created yet another slash command for created yet another slash command for this part of the workflow. So I'm this part of the workflow. So I'm this part of the workflow. So I'm calling it create plan.md. And again, calling it create plan.md. And again, calling it create plan.md. And again, this is just an example of what your this is just an example of what your this is just an example of what your planning workflow can look like. You can planning workflow can look like. You can planning workflow can look like. You can build this however you want. Just build this however you want. Just build this however you want. Just generally, you'd want to kind of follow generally, you'd want to kind of follow generally, you'd want to kind of follow the principles that I have covered in the principles that I have covered in the principles that I have covered in this diagram. And so, I walk you through this diagram. And so, I walk you through this diagram. And so, I walk you through this three-step process. And now, I'm this three-step process. And now, I'm this three-step process. And now, I'm just building slashcomands and sub aents just building slashcomands and sub aents just building slashcomands and sub aents around this general flow, doing some around this general flow, doing some around this general flow, doing some things that are kind of more specific to things that are kind of more specific to things that are kind of more specific to my project as well. And so, you can my project as well. And so, you can my project as well. And so, you can build these kind of flows to however build these kind of flows to however build these kind of flows to however works best for what you are creating. works best for what you are creating. works best for what you are creating. And so for my create plan, basically I'm And so for my create plan, basically I'm And so for my create plan, basically I'm just telling it to take the requirements just telling it to take the requirements just telling it to take the requirements document, that's what we just finished document, that's what we just finished document, that's what we just finished creating, and then go through a few creating, and then go through a few creating, and then go through a few different phases. So read and understand different phases. So read and understand different phases. So read and understand the requirements. We have a research the requirements. We have a research the requirements. We have a research phase where I wanted to use web phase where I wanted to use web phase where I wanted to use web searching for rag and also archon if it searching for rag and also archon if it searching for rag and also archon if it is available. And then I also have this is available. And then I also have this is available. And then I also have this codebase analyst sub agent. So I created codebase analyst sub agent. So I created codebase analyst sub agent. So I created a sub agent that it calls upon to do a a sub agent that it calls upon to do a a sub agent that it calls upon to do a lot of that extensive research. And not lot of that extensive research. And not lot of that extensive research. And not to get too deep into sub agents right to get too deep into sub agents right to get too deep into sub agents right now, but they're very powerful because now, but they're very powerful because now, but they're very powerful because they have their own context window. So they have their own context window. So they have their own context window. So they can do a ton of research and then they can do a ton of research and then they can do a ton of research and then output a summary of that without it output a summary of that without it output a summary of that without it polluting our primary conversation. So polluting our primary conversation. So polluting our primary conversation. So we keep our context window concise and we keep our context window concise and we keep our context window concise and focused. And so this sub agent just does focused. And so this sub agent just does focused. And so this sub agent just does a lot of research around our existing a lot of research around our existing a lot of research around our existing codebase to figure out exactly what our codebase to figure out exactly what our codebase to figure out exactly what our plan should look like. So we need to plan should look like. So we need to plan should look like. So we need to create you know that implementation plan create you know that implementation plan create you know that implementation plan task by task our desired codebase task by task our desired codebase task by task our desired codebase structure the documentation we want to structure the documentation we want to structure the documentation we want to reference and the codebase analyst and reference and the codebase analyst and reference and the codebase analyst and this whole slash command helps us create this whole slash command helps us create this whole slash command helps us create that and so I'll go back into the that and so I'll go back into the that and so I'll go back into the conversation and kind of show you what conversation and kind of show you what conversation and kind of show you what that looks like. So first of all I ran that looks like. So first of all I ran that looks like. So first of all I ran the create plan here with the the create plan here with the the create plan here with the requirements document passed in as my requirements document passed in as my requirements document passed in as my argument in the command and it starts by argument in the command and it starts by argument in the command and it starts by calling the codebase analyst sub aent. calling the codebase analyst sub aent. calling the codebase analyst sub aent. So it does a ton of research. It figures So it does a ton of research. It figures So it does a ton of research. It figures out exactly how we're going to be out exactly how we're going to be out exactly how we're going to be integrating this new feature in our integrating this new feature in our integrating this new feature in our codebase. It does some rag searches with codebase. It does some rag searches with codebase. It does some rag searches with archon. It does some codebase example archon. It does some codebase example archon. It does some codebase example searches and then it produces our plan. searches and then it produces our plan. searches and then it produces our plan. And so this is kind of taking that And so this is kind of taking that And so this is kind of taking that initial MD to the next level with all of initial MD to the next level with all of initial MD to the next level with all of that context engineering. And so these that context engineering. And so these that context engineering. And so these things I've been speaking to, we'll find things I've been speaking to, we'll find things I've been speaking to, we'll find those here. Like here is our step by those here. Like here is our step by those here. Like here is our step by step all the tasks that we want to step all the tasks that we want to step all the tasks that we want to implement. And it gets really granular implement. And it gets really granular implement. And it gets really granular here which is always good. If you want here which is always good. If you want here which is always good. If you want to be specific with AI coding to be specific with AI coding to be specific with AI coding assistance, that's exactly what this assistance, that's exactly what this assistance, that's exactly what this plan gives us. We have the different plan gives us. We have the different plan gives us. We have the different files that we need to modify, the ones files that we need to modify, the ones files that we need to modify, the ones that we need to create, existing that we need to create, existing that we need to create, existing patterns to follow, everything that it patterns to follow, everything that it patterns to follow, everything that it needs to get the job done. Super cool. needs to get the job done. Super cool. needs to get the job done. Super cool. And we have the success criteria as And we have the success criteria as And we have the success criteria as well. Maybe I could add like a desired well. Maybe I could add like a desired well. Maybe I could add like a desired codebase structure, but it's more about codebase structure, but it's more about codebase structure, but it's more about editing existing files. So I think like editing existing files. So I think like editing existing files. So I think like for what I'm building here, this plan is for what I'm building here, this plan is for what I'm building here, this plan is absolutely perfect. So now that we have absolutely perfect. So now that we have absolutely perfect. So now that we have the plan created, that is the end of the plan created, that is the end of the plan created, that is the end of what I've gotten to so far. So now with what I've gotten to so far. So now with what I've gotten to so far. So now with that comprehensive plan, well, first of that comprehensive plan, well, first of that comprehensive plan, well, first of all, I'd recommend validating it, all, I'd recommend validating it, all, I'd recommend validating it, actually making some adjustments with actually making some adjustments with actually making some adjustments with the help of the coding assistant if the help of the coding assistant if the help of the coding assistant if necessary. But once you're confident in necessary. But once you're confident in necessary. But once you're confident in the plan, then it is time to move on to the plan, then it is time to move on to the plan, then it is time to move on to implementation. Now, for implementation, implementation. Now, for implementation, implementation. Now, for implementation, the most important thing is to have a the most important thing is to have a the most important thing is to have a workflow that guides the coding workflow that guides the coding workflow that guides the coding assistant on how to knock out the tasks assistant on how to knock out the tasks assistant on how to knock out the tasks one by one. And the task management here one by one. And the task management here one by one. And the task management here is the most important thing, especially is the most important thing, especially is the most important thing, especially if you're trying to do quite a bit in if you're trying to do quite a bit in if you're trying to do quite a bit in one request. If the coding assistant one request. If the coding assistant one request. If the coding assistant tries to do too much at once, that's tries to do too much at once, that's tries to do too much at once, that's when you have a lot of hallucinations. when you have a lot of hallucinations. when you have a lot of hallucinations. And so tasks are your way to have a And so tasks are your way to have a And so tasks are your way to have a larger request, but still have it be larger request, but still have it be larger request, but still have it be very focused and granular on one little very focused and granular on one little very focused and granular on one little thing each time. Like if we go back to thing each time. Like if we go back to thing each time. Like if we go back to our planning document, you could see our planning document, you could see our planning document, you could see that like we have very granular tasks that like we have very granular tasks that like we have very granular tasks that we're having a knockout one by one. that we're having a knockout one by one. that we're having a knockout one by one. And so we're going to create another And so we're going to create another And so we're going to create another slash command to define this workflow. slash command to define this workflow. slash command to define this workflow. And exactly what your slash command And exactly what your slash command And exactly what your slash command looks like depends entirely on what looks like depends entirely on what looks like depends entirely on what you're doing for your task management. you're doing for your task management. you're doing for your task management. And so in my case, I'm using archon for And so in my case, I'm using archon for And so in my case, I'm using archon for task management. And so my workflow task management. And so my workflow task management. And so my workflow speaks a lot to how exactly I want to speaks a lot to how exactly I want to speaks a lot to how exactly I want to use archon. Now it's not the case that use archon. Now it's not the case that use archon. Now it's not the case that you have to use archon. That's the point you have to use archon. That's the point you have to use archon. That's the point here is this is just an example of my here is this is just an example of my here is this is just an example of my workflow. So it's creating all these workflow. So it's creating all these workflow. So it's creating all these tasks here for this OpenAI API tasks here for this OpenAI API tasks here for this OpenAI API compatible implementation. But you could compatible implementation. But you could compatible implementation. But you could be using Cloud Taskmaster or another be using Cloud Taskmaster or another be using Cloud Taskmaster or another Markdown document to manage your tasks. Markdown document to manage your tasks. Markdown document to manage your tasks. However you want to do it, even just the However you want to do it, even just the However you want to do it, even just the internal task management tools that we internal task management tools that we internal task management tools that we have within these coding assistants like have within these coding assistants like have within these coding assistants like Cloud Code. The important thing is just Cloud Code. The important thing is just Cloud Code. The important thing is just to create a workflow around the task to create a workflow around the task to create a workflow around the task management. And so when I go to my management. And so when I go to my management. And so when I go to my execute plan here, I'll just show you execute plan here, I'll just show you execute plan here, I'll just show you really quickly at a high level what this really quickly at a high level what this really quickly at a high level what this looks like. And this might end up looks like. And this might end up looks like. And this might end up looking a lot different for your looking a lot different for your looking a lot different for your workflow, but I want to read my plan workflow, but I want to read my plan workflow, but I want to read my plan that I've created. This could be a PRP that I've created. This could be a PRP that I've created. This could be a PRP if we're using the PRP framework or, you if we're using the PRP framework or, you if we're using the PRP framework or, you know, it could be the project brief if know, it could be the project brief if know, it could be the project brief if we're using the BMAD method. And then I we're using the BMAD method. And then I we're using the BMAD method. And then I want to set up the project in Archon if want to set up the project in Archon if want to set up the project in Archon if it isn't already. Create all these it isn't already. Create all these it isn't already. Create all these tasks. I want to analyze the code. And tasks. I want to analyze the code. And tasks. I want to analyze the code. And then I have this cycle here where I need then I have this cycle here where I need then I have this cycle here where I need to mark a task as to-do or doing. And to mark a task as to-do or doing. And to mark a task as to-do or doing. And then it'll go through that task and then then it'll go through that task and then then it'll go through that task and then move it to review and then move on to move it to review and then move on to move it to review and then move on to the next task. And it'll do that in a the next task. And it'll do that in a the next task. And it'll do that in a cycle until everything is done. And then cycle until everything is done. And then cycle until everything is done. And then it'll move on to validation. And we it'll move on to validation. And we it'll move on to validation. And we actually have a sub agent to help with actually have a sub agent to help with actually have a sub agent to help with validation as well. So it'll execute validation as well. So it'll execute validation as well. So it'll execute this guy to within its own context this guy to within its own context this guy to within its own context window, create a bunch of tests, and window, create a bunch of tests, and window, create a bunch of tests, and make sure that our code is good, and make sure that our code is good, and make sure that our code is good, and then report back to our primary coding then report back to our primary coding then report back to our primary coding assistant if there's anything that needs assistant if there's anything that needs assistant if there's anything that needs to be fixed up. And so yeah, generally to be fixed up. And so yeah, generally to be fixed up. And so yeah, generally my process around validation is while my process around validation is while my process around validation is while the coding assistant is running, I will the coding assistant is running, I will the coding assistant is running, I will validate to make sure that it's using my validate to make sure that it's using my validate to make sure that it's using my MCP servers properly, that it's editing MCP servers properly, that it's editing MCP servers properly, that it's editing the right files and looking in the right the right files and looking in the right the right files and looking in the right places, I generally watch it at least places, I generally watch it at least places, I generally watch it at least kind of closely to test these things. kind of closely to test these things. kind of closely to test these things. And then once we have the code outputed, And then once we have the code outputed, And then once we have the code outputed, this is where our plan should also speak this is where our plan should also speak this is where our plan should also speak to how the AI coding assistant can to how the AI coding assistant can to how the AI coding assistant can validate its own work. And then we want validate its own work. And then we want validate its own work. And then we want to be a part of this process as well. to be a part of this process as well. to be a part of this process as well. Performing a code review because we Performing a code review because we Performing a code review because we don't want to vibe code. We want to don't want to vibe code. We want to don't want to vibe code. We want to actually look at and understand the code actually look at and understand the code actually look at and understand the code that is being produced and then running that is being produced and then running that is being produced and then running any kind of manual tests that we want to any kind of manual tests that we want to any kind of manual tests that we want to like actually talking to the agent in like actually talking to the agent in like actually talking to the agent in Obsidian like we'll see at the end of Obsidian like we'll see at the end of Obsidian like we'll see at the end of this video here. And sub aents can be this video here. And sub aents can be this video here. And sub aents can be great for validation because again we great for validation because again we great for validation because again we want isolated context windows to not want isolated context windows to not want isolated context windows to not pollute our primary conversation so that pollute our primary conversation so that pollute our primary conversation so that we can have a sub agent run a bunch of we can have a sub agent run a bunch of we can have a sub agent run a bunch of different tests to make sure that different tests to make sure that different tests to make sure that everything is rock solid. And one last everything is rock solid. And one last everything is rock solid. And one last thing for validation. There's another thing for validation. There's another thing for validation. There's another agent that I love using to review my agent that I love using to review my agent that I love using to review my work. You can think of it as another work. You can think of it as another work. You can think of it as another validation sub aent and that is Code validation sub aent and that is Code validation sub aent and that is Code Rabbit. an AI powered code review Rabbit. an AI powered code review Rabbit. an AI powered code review platform and they are sponsoring this platform and they are sponsoring this platform and they are sponsoring this video but I do use them every single day video but I do use them every single day video but I do use them every single day for my work and it's free for open for my work and it's free for open for my work and it's free for open source projects so naturally I've source projects so naturally I've source projects so naturally I've integrated code rabbit with archon every integrated code rabbit with archon every integrated code rabbit with archon every single pull request that is made to the single pull request that is made to the single pull request that is made to the archon GitHub repository is archon GitHub repository is archon GitHub repository is automatically reviewed by the code automatically reviewed by the code automatically reviewed by the code rabbit agent it analyzes my codebase rabbit agent it analyzes my codebase rabbit agent it analyzes my codebase deeply and my poll request it deeply and my poll request it deeply and my poll request it understands how it affects things and understands how it affects things and understands how it affects things and outlines that here it gives me a outlines that here it gives me a outlines that here it gives me a beautiful sequence diagram for every PR beautiful sequence diagram for every PR beautiful sequence diagram for every PR it suggests reviewers and of course we it suggests reviewers and of course we it suggests reviewers and of course we have the allimportant actual code review have the allimportant actual code review have the allimportant actual code review here with the changes that it recommends here with the changes that it recommends here with the changes that it recommends and I will literally take these and give and I will literally take these and give and I will literally take these and give them to claude code or whatever AI them to claude code or whatever AI them to claude code or whatever AI coding assistant I'm using. So, it's coding assistant I'm using. So, it's coding assistant I'm using. So, it's become a crucial part of my development become a crucial part of my development become a crucial part of my development workflow, and I'm just very thankful to workflow, and I'm just very thankful to workflow, and I'm just very thankful to have Code Rabbit for Archon, especially have Code Rabbit for Archon, especially have Code Rabbit for Archon, especially with all the poll requests that we're with all the poll requests that we're with all the poll requests that we're managing every single week. And they managing every single week. And they managing every single week. And they have a CLI tool now, so you can use Code have a CLI tool now, so you can use Code have a CLI tool now, so you can use Code Rabbit not just to review your PRs in Rabbit not just to review your PRs in Rabbit not just to review your PRs in GitHub, but now you can also use it as GitHub, but now you can also use it as GitHub, but now you can also use it as one of your agents reviewing things one of your agents reviewing things one of your agents reviewing things locally when you're developing on your locally when you're developing on your locally when you're developing on your machine. Code Rabbit also offers free machine. Code Rabbit also offers free machine. Code Rabbit also offers free trials for their paid tiers and is free trials for their paid tiers and is free trials for their paid tiers and is free for open- source software like Archon for open- source software like Archon for open- source software like Archon like I mentioned earlier. And the like I mentioned earlier. And the like I mentioned earlier. And the reviews with the CLI and IDE tools are reviews with the CLI and IDE tools are reviews with the CLI and IDE tools are free with rate limits that apply of free with rate limits that apply of free with rate limits that apply of course. And so if you've been feeling course. And so if you've been feeling course. And so if you've been feeling overwhelmed with the amount of code that overwhelmed with the amount of code that overwhelmed with the amount of code that you've been creating with AI tools, this you've been creating with AI tools, this you've been creating with AI tools, this is your ticket to maintain quality is your ticket to maintain quality is your ticket to maintain quality without slowing down. I'll have a link without slowing down. I'll have a link without slowing down. I'll have a link to Code Rabbit in the description. I to Code Rabbit in the description. I to Code Rabbit in the description. I would definitely recommend trying them would definitely recommend trying them would definitely recommend trying them out. So on to implementation in action. out. So on to implementation in action. out. So on to implementation in action. And this is pretty simple overall And this is pretty simple overall And this is pretty simple overall because we did so much of the work up because we did so much of the work up because we did so much of the work up front in the planning stage. So now front in the planning stage. So now front in the planning stage. So now thanks to the plan that we've generated thanks to the plan that we've generated thanks to the plan that we've generated that has all the components of context that has all the components of context that has all the components of context engineering. All we have to do is engineering. All we have to do is engineering. All we have to do is execute our predefined workflow passing execute our predefined workflow passing execute our predefined workflow passing in the plan that we have created. So in the plan that we have created. So in the plan that we have created. So again we have the execute plan/comand again we have the execute plan/comand again we have the execute plan/comand where we take in our requirements. We where we take in our requirements. We where we take in our requirements. We break it down into all those tasks. And break it down into all those tasks. And break it down into all those tasks. And in this case I'm doing everything in in this case I'm doing everything in in this case I'm doing everything in archon. And so I went through this archon. And so I went through this archon. And so I went through this implementation already. So, we have all implementation already. So, we have all implementation already. So, we have all the tasks in done. It knocked it out the tasks in done. It knocked it out the tasks in done. It knocked it out 100%. Is actually really incredible. And 100%. Is actually really incredible. And 100%. Is actually really incredible. And so, I'll go back to the terminal here so, I'll go back to the terminal here so, I'll go back to the terminal here and show you uh the conversation that we and show you uh the conversation that we and show you uh the conversation that we have. And so, it's partially cut off have. And so, it's partially cut off have. And so, it's partially cut off because there's a lot of work that it because there's a lot of work that it because there's a lot of work that it did here. But, yeah, we just sent it in did here. But, yeah, we just sent it in did here. But, yeah, we just sent it in to implement literally everything. And to implement literally everything. And to implement literally everything. And it goes for a while here. There's a lot it goes for a while here. There's a lot it goes for a while here. There's a lot that it's taking care of, but I have that it's taking care of, but I have that it's taking care of, but I have quite a bit of trust in the coding quite a bit of trust in the coding quite a bit of trust in the coding assistant because of all the context assistant because of all the context assistant because of all the context that I gave it and how things are split that I gave it and how things are split that I gave it and how things are split up between the different tasks. And you up between the different tasks. And you up between the different tasks. And you can see that was doing a lot of the task can see that was doing a lot of the task can see that was doing a lot of the task management with archon here as it is management with archon here as it is management with archon here as it is changing things. So it's interled changing things. So it's interled changing things. So it's interled managing tasks making changes and then managing tasks making changes and then managing tasks making changes and then going through that cycle. And then at going through that cycle. And then at going through that cycle. And then at the very end here we have validation. the very end here we have validation. the very end here we have validation. And validation is kind of mixed into And validation is kind of mixed into And validation is kind of mixed into implementation as well. And that is implementation as well. And that is implementation as well. And that is where we invoke our specialized where we invoke our specialized where we invoke our specialized validator sub aent. And so it went for validator sub aent. And so it went for validator sub aent. And so it went for quite a while here. Actually probably quite a while here. Actually probably quite a while here. Actually probably longer than I really needed it to go. It longer than I really needed it to go. It longer than I really needed it to go. It did a lot of validating with unit did a lot of validating with unit did a lot of validating with unit testing and other things to make sure testing and other things to make sure testing and other things to make sure that our code is rock solid. And the that our code is rock solid. And the that our code is rock solid. And the important thing that I want to call out important thing that I want to call out important thing that I want to call out here is that for the validation that's here is that for the validation that's here is that for the validation that's when we go back to using sub aents. So when we go back to using sub aents. So when we go back to using sub aents. So planning and validation we use sub aents planning and validation we use sub aents planning and validation we use sub aents but I on purpose did not use any sub but I on purpose did not use any sub but I on purpose did not use any sub aents during the implementation. And the aents during the implementation. And the aents during the implementation. And the reason for that is when we're actually reason for that is when we're actually reason for that is when we're actually making the code changes doing the making the code changes doing the making the code changes doing the implementation, we want everything to implementation, we want everything to implementation, we want everything to remain in the primary context window for remain in the primary context window for remain in the primary context window for cloud code or whatever our AI coding cloud code or whatever our AI coding cloud code or whatever our AI coding assistant is. If we have different sub assistant is. If we have different sub assistant is. If we have different sub aents implement different parts of our aents implement different parts of our aents implement different parts of our codebase, they're not really codebase, they're not really codebase, they're not really communicating with each other and memory communicating with each other and memory communicating with each other and memory is not shared between them. So you start is not shared between them. So you start is not shared between them. So you start to have conflicting changes and to have conflicting changes and to have conflicting changes and overlapping changes. It becomes a mess overlapping changes. It becomes a mess overlapping changes. It becomes a mess when you use sub aents for the actual when you use sub aents for the actual when you use sub aents for the actual code creation. And so generally I always code creation. And so generally I always code creation. And so generally I always use sub agents for the research upfront use sub agents for the research upfront use sub agents for the research upfront and then also having a validator and then also having a validator and then also having a validator specialist so I can give a very specific specialist so I can give a very specific specialist so I can give a very specific system prompt to this agent for how to system prompt to this agent for how to system prompt to this agent for how to validate my code. So that's the really validate my code. So that's the really validate my code. So that's the really important distinction I want to make important distinction I want to make important distinction I want to make there. Otherwise for slash commands I'm there. Otherwise for slash commands I'm there. Otherwise for slash commands I'm using them in every single part of the using them in every single part of the using them in every single part of the implementation like you saw. And then implementation like you saw. And then implementation like you saw. And then global rules. I haven't covered too much global rules. I haven't covered too much global rules. I haven't covered too much in this video, but really this is what in this video, but really this is what in this video, but really this is what you'd set up in your planning phase you'd set up in your planning phase you'd set up in your planning phase initially. When you're trying to just initially. When you're trying to just initially. When you're trying to just think at a high level like what are the think at a high level like what are the think at a high level like what are the instructions that I want my coding instructions that I want my coding instructions that I want my coding assistant to follow literally no matter assistant to follow literally no matter assistant to follow literally no matter what I'm doing, starting the project what I'm doing, starting the project what I'm doing, starting the project from scratch, adding in a new feature, from scratch, adding in a new feature, from scratch, adding in a new feature, doing a bug fix, there are a lot of doing a bug fix, there are a lot of doing a bug fix, there are a lot of those kind of golden rules that you want those kind of golden rules that you want those kind of golden rules that you want to put within your claw.md whatever that to put within your claw.md whatever that to put within your claw.md whatever that file is called for your coding file is called for your coding file is called for your coding assistant. And then of course the last assistant. And then of course the last assistant. And then of course the last step here is our own review. You step here is our own review. You step here is our own review. You definitely want to perform a code review definitely want to perform a code review definitely want to perform a code review on everything that was outputed by your on everything that was outputed by your on everything that was outputed by your coding assistant. Otherwise, you're coding assistant. Otherwise, you're coding assistant. Otherwise, you're still just reverting back to Vive still just reverting back to Vive still just reverting back to Vive coding. So, perform a review and then coding. So, perform a review and then coding. So, perform a review and then run manual tests as well. Like I have my run manual tests as well. Like I have my run manual tests as well. Like I have my agent API running again in Docker. I agent API running again in Docker. I agent API running again in Docker. I have the connection already set up in have the connection already set up in have the connection already set up in Obsidian. So, I'll just show you this Obsidian. So, I'll just show you this Obsidian. So, I'll just show you this really quick. I'll go into my chat really quick. I'll go into my chat really quick. I'll go into my chat window here and I'll say summarize. And window here and I'll say summarize. And window here and I'll say summarize. And then I'll just reference this whole then I'll just reference this whole then I'll just reference this whole diagram that we've been going through diagram that we've been going through diagram that we've been going through throughout this video. So, I'll send throughout this video. So, I'll send throughout this video. So, I'll send this to send to my agent. It's this to send to my agent. It's this to send to my agent. It's communicating to literally what we just communicating to literally what we just communicating to literally what we just built using the OpenAI API compatible built using the OpenAI API compatible built using the OpenAI API compatible endpoints. And there we go. We have a endpoints. And there we go. We have a endpoints. And there we go. We have a summary of the full workflow based on summary of the full workflow based on summary of the full workflow based on our diagram here. Absolutely beautiful. our diagram here. Absolutely beautiful. our diagram here. Absolutely beautiful. The implementation is flawless. And now The implementation is flawless. And now The implementation is flawless. And now we have this workflow that we can use we have this workflow that we can use we have this workflow that we can use for other things as well. I mean the for other things as well. I mean the for other things as well. I mean the whole planning slash commands and primer whole planning slash commands and primer whole planning slash commands and primer that I had and the sub agents for that I had and the sub agents for that I had and the sub agents for validating and executing and my whole validating and executing and my whole validating and executing and my whole process for task management in archon process for task management in archon process for task management in archon like it's not actually that specific to like it's not actually that specific to like it's not actually that specific to this specific implementation. Like I can this specific implementation. Like I can this specific implementation. Like I can take this and reuse it for anything that take this and reuse it for anything that take this and reuse it for anything that I want to build. And that is the main I want to build. And that is the main I want to build. And that is the main thing that I'm trying to describe to you thing that I'm trying to describe to you thing that I'm trying to describe to you in this video is how you can create in this video is how you can create in this video is how you can create these combinations of rules and sub these combinations of rules and sub these combinations of rules and sub agents and slash commands and even just agents and slash commands and even just agents and slash commands and even just like a mental model of how you plan then like a mental model of how you plan then like a mental model of how you plan then implement and validate and like that implement and validate and like that implement and validate and like that becomes your process that you can reuse becomes your process that you can reuse becomes your process that you can reuse for anything. you've now built a system for anything. you've now built a system for anything. you've now built a system for working with AI coding assistants. for working with AI coding assistants. for working with AI coding assistants. And even when you start to incorporate And even when you start to incorporate And even when you start to incorporate other things like the PRP framework or other things like the PRP framework or other things like the PRP framework or the GitHub spec kit, you're still the GitHub spec kit, you're still the GitHub spec kit, you're still following that same mental model, just following that same mental model, just following that same mental model, just using those approaches to basically using those approaches to basically using those approaches to basically augment what you have and you can tweak augment what you have and you can tweak augment what you have and you can tweak it to your needs. So that's everything it to your needs. So that's everything it to your needs. So that's everything that I've got for you today. If you that I've got for you today. If you that I've got for you today. If you appreciated this video and you're appreciated this video and you're appreciated this video and you're looking forward to more things around AI looking forward to more things around AI looking forward to more things around AI coding and building out these kinds of coding and building out these kinds of coding and building out these kinds of workflows, I would really appreciate a workflows, I would really appreciate a workflows, I would really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I like and a subscribe. And with that, I like and a subscribe. And with that, I will see you in the next
