Title: Tired of AI-ish UI？ Here is how to make it better...
Channel: AI Jason
======================================================================

Most time when we ask cursor to generate Most time when we ask cursor to generate Most time when we ask cursor to generate UI at default always generate this type UI at default always generate this type UI at default always generate this type of UI that you look at it you know it's of UI that you look at it you know it's of UI that you look at it you know it's AI generated. So for the past few days AI generated. So for the past few days AI generated. So for the past few days I've been looking to how can you get a I've been looking to how can you get a I've been looking to how can you get a model to generate much more personalized model to generate much more personalized model to generate much more personalized and unique design that has your branding and unique design that has your branding and unique design that has your branding interesting interaction pattern and most interesting interaction pattern and most interesting interaction pattern and most importantly once you have one UI importantly once you have one UI importantly once you have one UI component that meets your quality and component that meets your quality and component that meets your quality and taste. You can scale it to all sorts of taste. You can scale it to all sorts of taste. You can scale it to all sorts of different UI components that has the different UI components that has the different UI components that has the same standard and quality across your same standard and quality across your same standard and quality across your whole application. And here I want to whole application. And here I want to whole application. And here I want to showcase what my overall workflow is so showcase what my overall workflow is so showcase what my overall workflow is so that you can really level up the design that you can really level up the design that you can really level up the design large model produce for you. And firstly large model produce for you. And firstly large model produce for you. And firstly I want to talk about a concept called I want to talk about a concept called I want to talk about a concept called flow engineer. It is something Andrew flow engineer. It is something Andrew flow engineer. It is something Andrew Kepsi mentioned about one and a half Kepsi mentioned about one and a half Kepsi mentioned about one and a half years ago. Instead of prompt engineer we years ago. Instead of prompt engineer we years ago. Instead of prompt engineer we just give model a prompt and expect just give model a prompt and expect just give model a prompt and expect output something. The most sophisticated output something. The most sophisticated output something. The most sophisticated way is actually distill the expertise way is actually distill the expertise way is actually distill the expertise knowledge into a flow so that the output knowledge into a flow so that the output knowledge into a flow so that the output from the larger learning model can be from the larger learning model can be from the larger learning model can be constructed iteratively. And what I mean constructed iteratively. And what I mean constructed iteratively. And what I mean by that is instead of try to figure out by that is instead of try to figure out by that is instead of try to figure out the perfect prompt possible, try to the perfect prompt possible, try to the perfect prompt possible, try to think about what are the core elements a think about what are the core elements a think about what are the core elements a really senior designer going to do to really senior designer going to do to really senior designer going to do to produce a unique design. From my produce a unique design. From my produce a unique design. From my experience as designer, normally I would experience as designer, normally I would experience as designer, normally I would design in multiple different steps. I design in multiple different steps. I design in multiple different steps. I will firstly try to figure out layout. will firstly try to figure out layout. will firstly try to figure out layout. What type of user journey will be so What type of user journey will be so What type of user journey will be so that I can decide the information that I can decide the information that I can decide the information hierarchy and once I confirm the layout hierarchy and once I confirm the layout hierarchy and once I confirm the layout then I'll try to figure out the right then I'll try to figure out the right then I'll try to figure out the right scene the branding so that I can put scene the branding so that I can put scene the branding so that I can put together a high fidelity mockup. And together a high fidelity mockup. And together a high fidelity mockup. And meanwhile, I also want to add a little meanwhile, I also want to add a little meanwhile, I also want to add a little bit touch of animation. Only after that, bit touch of animation. Only after that, bit touch of animation. Only after that, we can start implementing on the front we can start implementing on the front we can start implementing on the front end. And at each step, large length end. And at each step, large length end. And at each step, large length model might produce multiple different model might produce multiple different model might produce multiple different results. I will iterate until I get one results. I will iterate until I get one results. I will iterate until I get one version that I like. And this four steps version that I like. And this four steps version that I like. And this four steps I list out here are just a starting I list out here are just a starting I list out here are just a starting point that I experimented past few days. point that I experimented past few days. point that I experimented past few days. There are a lot more things can be tried There are a lot more things can be tried There are a lot more things can be tried and think about like the reference mode, and think about like the reference mode, and think about like the reference mode, user flow as well as content hierarchy. user flow as well as content hierarchy. user flow as well as content hierarchy. So there are a lot more things can be So there are a lot more things can be So there are a lot more things can be experimented, but I will just talk about experimented, but I will just talk about experimented, but I will just talk about this basic flow that I tried so far and this basic flow that I tried so far and this basic flow that I tried so far and really to get you guys to experiment really to get you guys to experiment really to get you guys to experiment different things. First, I want to talk different things. First, I want to talk different things. First, I want to talk about layout. This is like a typical about layout. This is like a typical about layout. This is like a typical oneshot UI you would get from those oneshot UI you would get from those oneshot UI you would get from those model. It kind of feels functional, but model. It kind of feels functional, but model. It kind of feels functional, but a lot of detail just didn't look right. a lot of detail just didn't look right. a lot of detail just didn't look right. For example, this didn't make sense to For example, this didn't make sense to For example, this didn't make sense to be centered. It should probably be left be centered. It should probably be left be centered. It should probably be left aligned and also it might miss some aligned and also it might miss some aligned and also it might miss some information that I think is useful like information that I think is useful like information that I think is useful like a description of the property and some a description of the property and some a description of the property and some call to action button. And once I found call to action button. And once I found call to action button. And once I found really useful is actually align on the really useful is actually align on the really useful is actually align on the layout pretty early on. One interesting layout pretty early on. One interesting layout pretty early on. One interesting experience I found is you can actually experience I found is you can actually experience I found is you can actually use key as a very quick and fast way to use key as a very quick and fast way to use key as a very quick and fast way to align the layout with large language align the layout with large language align the layout with large language model. There was one time I tried to model. There was one time I tried to model. There was one time I tried to build a chat UI and I just prompted to build a chat UI and I just prompted to build a chat UI and I just prompted to hey help me think through the layout hey help me think through the layout hey help me think through the layout first. The model just output the whole first. The model just output the whole first. The model just output the whole UI in asky and that was time I was quite UI in asky and that was time I was quite UI in asky and that was time I was quite surprised because it is actually pretty surprised because it is actually pretty surprised because it is actually pretty effective way for me to understand did a effective way for me to understand did a effective way for me to understand did a model understand what I want. Did it model understand what I want. Did it model understand what I want. Did it actually cover all the functionality actually cover all the functionality actually cover all the functionality that I intended to implement but most that I intended to implement but most that I intended to implement but most importantly it is way faster for a model importantly it is way faster for a model importantly it is way faster for a model to generate asky wireframe like this to generate asky wireframe like this to generate asky wireframe like this rather than implementing whole HTML or rather than implementing whole HTML or rather than implementing whole HTML or react page. So quite typical I went react page. So quite typical I went react page. So quite typical I went through when I was designing super through when I was designing super through when I was designing super design or even in cursor is that I will design or even in cursor is that I will design or even in cursor is that I will ask it to quickly output ask key ask it to quickly output ask key ask it to quickly output ask key wireframe of what the UI should look wireframe of what the UI should look wireframe of what the UI should look like and you can see here this is real like and you can see here this is real like and you can see here this is real time I haven't added it's super fast I time I haven't added it's super fast I time I haven't added it's super fast I get a quick result within like 1 second get a quick result within like 1 second get a quick result within like 1 second and then I can quickly give feedback to and then I can quickly give feedback to and then I can quickly give feedback to realign what I want then it will very realign what I want then it will very realign what I want then it will very quickly generate a kind of new UI for me quickly generate a kind of new UI for me quickly generate a kind of new UI for me and obviously we can like back and forth and obviously we can like back and forth and obviously we can like back and forth a few times so this is extremely fast a few times so this is extremely fast a few times so this is extremely fast and cheap way for me to align with model and cheap way for me to align with model and cheap way for me to align with model about what the layout should look like about what the layout should look like about what the layout should look like and dramatically increase the chance and dramatically increase the chance and dramatically increase the chance that the output it generate is going to that the output it generate is going to that the output it generate is going to satisfy our needs and you can even use satisfy our needs and you can even use satisfy our needs and you can even use that to communicate some interaction as that to communicate some interaction as that to communicate some interaction as well. In this example where I try to well. In this example where I try to well. In this example where I try to demonstrate the chat UI, it will firstly demonstrate the chat UI, it will firstly demonstrate the chat UI, it will firstly generate this main UI of chat but also generate this main UI of chat but also generate this main UI of chat but also show me when user click on hamburger show me when user click on hamburger show me when user click on hamburger menu a sidebar should show up that push menu a sidebar should show up that push menu a sidebar should show up that push the main interface away. It can also the main interface away. It can also the main interface away. It can also handle some bit more sophisticated UI handle some bit more sophisticated UI handle some bit more sophisticated UI like crypto trading it will have some like crypto trading it will have some like crypto trading it will have some creative way to figure out how to creative way to figure out how to creative way to figure out how to present and communicate UI with you. And present and communicate UI with you. And present and communicate UI with you. And with that I even tried something more with that I even tried something more with that I even tried something more kind of like creative work. This is what kind of like creative work. This is what kind of like creative work. This is what I got when I asked it to like design a I got when I asked it to like design a I got when I asked it to like design a poster for AI builder club and it is poster for AI builder club and it is poster for AI builder club and it is also able to generate those type of also able to generate those type of also able to generate those type of content hierarchy or post hierarchy for content hierarchy or post hierarchy for content hierarchy or post hierarchy for me and modal actually follow as layout me and modal actually follow as layout me and modal actually follow as layout pretty well in the end it can output pretty well in the end it can output pretty well in the end it can output proper graphic design poster for me with proper graphic design poster for me with proper graphic design poster for me with some special layout like this triangle some special layout like this triangle some special layout like this triangle shape which is not something that super shape which is not something that super shape which is not something that super common it will get one shot by itself. common it will get one shot by itself. common it will get one shot by itself. Those downside I found is that once you Those downside I found is that once you Those downside I found is that once you do use ASKI it tend to make the UI a bit do use ASKI it tend to make the UI a bit do use ASKI it tend to make the UI a bit too simplified cuz in ASKI there's no too simplified cuz in ASKI there's no too simplified cuz in ASKI there's no easy way to indicate like this font easy way to indicate like this font easy way to indicate like this font should be bigger than the rest. So the should be bigger than the rest. So the should be bigger than the rest. So the content hierarchy does feel like a bit content hierarchy does feel like a bit content hierarchy does feel like a bit too simplified but I feel like with some too simplified but I feel like with some too simplified but I feel like with some experiments we can either keep ask experiments we can either keep ask experiments we can either keep ask Yframe as right abstraction level or we Yframe as right abstraction level or we Yframe as right abstraction level or we can figure out some new level of can figure out some new level of can figure out some new level of abstraction to communicate layout. So abstraction to communicate layout. So abstraction to communicate layout. So this is the first step of layout this is the first step of layout this is the first step of layout alignment and second step of flow is alignment and second step of flow is alignment and second step of flow is same. So same including things like same. So same including things like same. So same including things like color font shadow border radio all sorts color font shadow border radio all sorts color font shadow border radio all sorts of things. This is probably the biggest of things. This is probably the biggest of things. This is probably the biggest and easiest leverage you can get to make and easiest leverage you can get to make and easiest leverage you can get to make a default AIish UI into something that a default AIish UI into something that a default AIish UI into something that feels really personalized onto your feels really personalized onto your feels really personalized onto your branding. And there are multiple ways branding. And there are multiple ways branding. And there are multiple ways for you to get the style right. You can for you to get the style right. You can for you to get the style right. You can either go to dribble mob or any website either go to dribble mob or any website either go to dribble mob or any website to get some UI reference and just copy to get some UI reference and just copy to get some UI reference and just copy the image over and ask cursor or super the image over and ask cursor or super the image over and ask cursor or super design to extract CSS stylesheet from design to extract CSS stylesheet from design to extract CSS stylesheet from the UI mock. But generally I found if the UI mock. But generally I found if the UI mock. But generally I found if you start from mock up it normally get you start from mock up it normally get you start from mock up it normally get to like 80%. It's almost never look like to like 80%. It's almost never look like to like 80%. It's almost never look like 100% similar. That's where a platform 100% similar. That's where a platform 100% similar. That's where a platform like Twix CN is really really useful. So like Twix CN is really really useful. So like Twix CN is really really useful. So Twixen is a platform that really just Twixen is a platform that really just Twixen is a platform that really just focusing on scene design. So you can focusing on scene design. So you can focusing on scene design. So you can come here, change the color, font, come here, change the color, font, come here, change the color, font, shadow, border, all sort of things to shadow, border, all sort of things to shadow, border, all sort of things to create very different and unique style create very different and unique style create very different and unique style and this is where your human taste comes and this is where your human taste comes and this is where your human taste comes in to create something truly different in to create something truly different in to create something truly different things like font where have really big things like font where have really big things like font where have really big kind of impact of the design as well as kind of impact of the design as well as kind of impact of the design as well as the primary colors and they provide this the primary colors and they provide this the primary colors and they provide this type of UI for you to play with the type of UI for you to play with the type of UI for you to play with the style and once you get the style right style and once you get the style right style and once you get the style right you can click on the code button and you can click on the code button and you can click on the code button and just copy the stylesheet over to cursor just copy the stylesheet over to cursor just copy the stylesheet over to cursor or super design and they will just try or super design and they will just try or super design and they will just try to replicate the same style for you. to replicate the same style for you. to replicate the same style for you. What you find is that once you have the What you find is that once you have the What you find is that once you have the style confirmed, the UI quality just style confirmed, the UI quality just style confirmed, the UI quality just became dramatically better. Like in this became dramatically better. Like in this became dramatically better. Like in this example, this is what I originally got example, this is what I originally got example, this is what I originally got from cloud. With some style change, I from cloud. With some style change, I from cloud. With some style change, I can make it look something like this, can make it look something like this, can make it look something like this, which is really different or high which is really different or high which is really different or high quality compared with what you normally quality compared with what you normally quality compared with what you normally get from AI. In super design also get from AI. In super design also get from AI. In super design also streamline this process of same streamline this process of same streamline this process of same generation as well. So after confirm the generation as well. So after confirm the generation as well. So after confirm the layout of UI, it will generate a list of layout of UI, it will generate a list of layout of UI, it will generate a list of stylesheets which I can preview to see stylesheets which I can preview to see stylesheets which I can preview to see what kind of style it will be and if I what kind of style it will be and if I what kind of style it will be and if I don't like certain style, I can ask to don't like certain style, I can ask to don't like certain style, I can ask to generate again until I got something generate again until I got something generate again until I got something that I really like. The point here is that I really like. The point here is that I really like. The point here is that you do want to allocate certain that you do want to allocate certain that you do want to allocate certain amount of token to just designing the amount of token to just designing the amount of token to just designing the scene and making sure it produce scene and making sure it produce scene and making sure it produce something that looks like what you want. something that looks like what you want. something that looks like what you want. Again, this is one of the key factors Again, this is one of the key factors Again, this is one of the key factors that will make your UI dramatically that will make your UI dramatically that will make your UI dramatically better. Last but not least, animation. better. Last but not least, animation. better. Last but not least, animation. So sometimes certain UI feels really So sometimes certain UI feels really So sometimes certain UI feels really good is not because just it looks good is not because just it looks good is not because just it looks better, but also it has like micro better, but also it has like micro better, but also it has like micro interaction sync through like inline interaction sync through like inline interaction sync through like inline editing with a nice style already, the editing with a nice style already, the editing with a nice style already, the nice hover effects, the sliding and nice hover effects, the sliding and nice hover effects, the sliding and slide out interactions and make UI feels slide out interactions and make UI feels slide out interactions and make UI feels from good to great. And I find that you from good to great. And I find that you from good to great. And I find that you can actually very easily just prompt the can actually very easily just prompt the can actually very easily just prompt the agent think through the key user agent think through the key user agent think through the key user interactions and animation design. I interactions and animation design. I interactions and animation design. I will try to get it be concise and just will try to get it be concise and just will try to get it be concise and just communicate and represent animation in communicate and represent animation in communicate and represent animation in simple format like this which is what simple format like this which is what simple format like this which is what type of elements need to be animated. type of elements need to be animated. type of elements need to be animated. What are the key frames and when should What are the key frames and when should What are the key frames and when should be triggered. I found even as simple as be triggered. I found even as simple as be triggered. I found even as simple as this. It already give model a good this. It already give model a good this. It already give model a good amount of context to know that they need amount of context to know that they need amount of context to know that they need to consider those interactions when they to consider those interactions when they to consider those interactions when they build a UI. And there are some probably build a UI. And there are some probably build a UI. And there are some probably more advanced things you can do as well more advanced things you can do as well more advanced things you can do as well like ask to generate a user flow of key like ask to generate a user flow of key like ask to generate a user flow of key interactions in mermaid chart. A mermaid interactions in mermaid chart. A mermaid interactions in mermaid chart. A mermaid chart is type of graph representation in chart is type of graph representation in chart is type of graph representation in format like left side. Surprisingly format like left side. Surprisingly format like left side. Surprisingly large language model is really good at large language model is really good at large language model is really good at understanding those type of mermaid understanding those type of mermaid understanding those type of mermaid chart and it can also go a bit more chart and it can also go a bit more chart and it can also go a bit more advanced as well to like really list out advanced as well to like really list out advanced as well to like really list out all the interactions into things through all the interactions into things through all the interactions into things through but those are probably more useful for but those are probably more useful for but those are probably more useful for some complex projects. For most of some complex projects. For most of some complex projects. For most of project you can just go as simple as project you can just go as simple as project you can just go as simple as just ask a model to sync through the just ask a model to sync through the just ask a model to sync through the animations and spit out a key frame like animations and spit out a key frame like animations and spit out a key frame like this. And what's really cool is that this. And what's really cool is that this. And what's really cool is that once you spend time to get one component once you spend time to get one component once you spend time to get one component right then you can scale to all the right then you can scale to all the right then you can scale to all the other UI components you want and build other UI components you want and build other UI components you want and build together a page. For example, here I got together a page. For example, here I got together a page. For example, here I got this probably listing card that I'm this probably listing card that I'm this probably listing card that I'm pretty happy with. Then I will just pretty happy with. Then I will just pretty happy with. Then I will just prompt cursor or super design saying prompt cursor or super design saying prompt cursor or super design saying great. Now help me generate another view great. Now help me generate another view great. Now help me generate another view which is calendar view to help people which is calendar view to help people which is calendar view to help people book inspections. With that prompt again book inspections. With that prompt again book inspections. With that prompt again it will confirm my layout with me. Then it will confirm my layout with me. Then it will confirm my layout with me. Then design styling and animation and in the design styling and animation and in the design styling and animation and in the end I'll put a calendar component which end I'll put a calendar component which end I'll put a calendar component which actually looks pretty good. It has same actually looks pretty good. It has same actually looks pretty good. It has same set of styling and interactions. And set of styling and interactions. And set of styling and interactions. And after that I also ask to generate map after that I also ask to generate map after that I also ask to generate map view. Then generating me this map view view. Then generating me this map view view. Then generating me this map view with same button content style and with same button content style and with same button content style and animations as well as the price history animations as well as the price history animations as well as the price history card that I can chuck into the property card that I can chuck into the property card that I can chuck into the property detail page. So you can imagine you can detail page. So you can imagine you can detail page. So you can imagine you can just keep going build out whole UI just keep going build out whole UI just keep going build out whole UI components and give all those things as components and give all those things as components and give all those things as context to model say now put together a context to model say now put together a context to model say now put together a page for me with all those components page for me with all those components page for me with all those components and those are just flow steps I have and those are just flow steps I have and those are just flow steps I have experienced so far for past few days. experienced so far for past few days. experienced so far for past few days. There are a lot more things you can also There are a lot more things you can also There are a lot more things you can also experiment on your end to figure out experiment on your end to figure out experiment on your end to figure out which part are actually helping a lot in which part are actually helping a lot in which part are actually helping a lot in terms of output. Meanwhile, also baking terms of output. Meanwhile, also baking terms of output. Meanwhile, also baking this workflow in super design extension. this workflow in super design extension. this workflow in super design extension. And if you don't know super design, it And if you don't know super design, it And if you don't know super design, it is open source project Jack and I have is open source project Jack and I have is open source project Jack and I have been building. It is basically a cursor been building. It is basically a cursor been building. It is basically a cursor extension that you can just open inside extension that you can just open inside extension that you can just open inside your IDE to start generating UI. It is your IDE to start generating UI. It is your IDE to start generating UI. It is totally public and free to use. It will totally public and free to use. It will totally public and free to use. It will firstly propose and generate the layout firstly propose and generate the layout firstly propose and generate the layout and then it can generate the same and and then it can generate the same and and then it can generate the same and when we have some kind of nice UX for when we have some kind of nice UX for when we have some kind of nice UX for you to just preview the same here and you to just preview the same here and you to just preview the same here and you can ask it to iterate multiple times you can ask it to iterate multiple times you can ask it to iterate multiple times and in the end it will pull everything and in the end it will pull everything and in the end it will pull everything together and you will have this kind of together and you will have this kind of together and you will have this kind of infinite canva directly in ID to preview infinite canva directly in ID to preview infinite canva directly in ID to preview all different variations of the UI in all different variations of the UI in all different variations of the UI in the same screen. But if you want to the same screen. But if you want to the same screen. But if you want to learn more in depths about this kind of learn more in depths about this kind of learn more in depths about this kind of fourstep UI flow, I actually articulate fourstep UI flow, I actually articulate fourstep UI flow, I actually articulate those into a prompt that I normally use those into a prompt that I normally use those into a prompt that I normally use for cursor cloud code and super design for cursor cloud code and super design for cursor cloud code and super design in the AI builder club which is a in the AI builder club which is a in the AI builder club which is a community I have building where we have community I have building where we have community I have building where we have group of top AI builders who are group of top AI builders who are group of top AI builders who are launching and building AI products. launching and building AI products. launching and building AI products. Myself and other people were just keep Myself and other people were just keep Myself and other people were just keep sharing some in-depth learnings and sharing some in-depth learnings and sharing some in-depth learnings and workflows of how to build and launch AI workflows of how to build and launch AI workflows of how to build and launch AI products where I have some instruction products where I have some instruction products where I have some instruction about styling icons scripts and the most about styling icons scripts and the most about styling icons scripts and the most importantly is a workflow here. I asked importantly is a workflow here. I asked importantly is a workflow here. I asked it to follow this workflow of layout it to follow this workflow of layout it to follow this workflow of layout design, scene design, the core animation design, scene design, the core animation design, scene design, the core animation design, then generate the actual UI with design, then generate the actual UI with design, then generate the actual UI with more detailed breakdown example which I more detailed breakdown example which I more detailed breakdown example which I initially just copy those prompt and initially just copy those prompt and initially just copy those prompt and create a custom mode in cursor or cloud create a custom mode in cursor or cloud create a custom mode in cursor or cloud code almost immediately gets better code almost immediately gets better code almost immediately gets better results. So if you're interested, you results. So if you're interested, you results. So if you're interested, you can click on the link in the description can click on the link in the description can click on the link in the description below. I'll continue to explore more below. I'll continue to explore more below. I'll continue to explore more ways to make the UI generation easier ways to make the UI generation easier ways to make the UI generation easier and faster and better. And if you know and faster and better. And if you know and faster and better. And if you know any good tips about UI AI generate any good tips about UI AI generate any good tips about UI AI generate design, please let me know. I would love design, please let me know. I would love design, please let me know. I would love to hear. Thank you and I see you next to hear. Thank you and I see you next to hear. Thank you and I see you next time.
