Title: The largest supply-chain attack ever…
Channel: Fireship
======================================================================

Yesterday, every JavaScript developer in Yesterday, every JavaScript developer in Yesterday, every JavaScript developer in the world, choked on their artisal oat the world, choked on their artisal oat the world, choked on their artisal oat milk latte after npm, the package milk latte after npm, the package milk latte after npm, the package manager holding the entire web together, manager holding the entire web together, manager holding the entire web together, got wrecked in the largest supply chain got wrecked in the largest supply chain got wrecked in the largest supply chain attack in its history. Packages with attack in its history. Packages with attack in its history. Packages with over two billion weekly downloads over two billion weekly downloads over two billion weekly downloads stopped saying hello world and instead stopped saying hello world and instead stopped saying hello world and instead said hello to some guy's crypto wallet. said hello to some guy's crypto wallet. said hello to some guy's crypto wallet. Most notably, it affected Chalk, a Most notably, it affected Chalk, a Most notably, it affected Chalk, a utility that makes your terminal look utility that makes your terminal look utility that makes your terminal look like the Castro District, which has like the Castro District, which has like the Castro District, which has hundreds of millions of downloads and hundreds of millions of downloads and hundreds of millions of downloads and created a domino effect across the created a domino effect across the created a domino effect across the entire JavaScript ecosystem. And sadly, entire JavaScript ecosystem. And sadly, entire JavaScript ecosystem. And sadly, it's not the first, second, or even it's not the first, second, or even it's not the first, second, or even third time this has happened. Crypto third time this has happened. Crypto third time this has happened. Crypto bros are constantly exploiting bros are constantly exploiting bros are constantly exploiting JavaScript Bros. And once again, the MPM JavaScript Bros. And once again, the MPM JavaScript Bros. And once again, the MPM package that you blindly trusted when package that you blindly trusted when package that you blindly trusted when you ran npm install contains bad code you ran npm install contains bad code you ran npm install contains bad code designed to steal your cryptocurrencies. designed to steal your cryptocurrencies. designed to steal your cryptocurrencies. Luckily though, the malicious code was Luckily though, the malicious code was Luckily though, the malicious code was quickly discovered and neutralized. But quickly discovered and neutralized. But quickly discovered and neutralized. But in today's video, we'll find out how a in today's video, we'll find out how a in today's video, we'll find out how a massive exploit like this is even massive exploit like this is even massive exploit like this is even possible. It is September 9th, 2025, and possible. It is September 9th, 2025, and possible. It is September 9th, 2025, and you're watching the code report. So, you're watching the code report. So, you're watching the code report. So, here's what went down yesterday. A here's what went down yesterday. A here's what went down yesterday. A developer named Josh Junan, who goes by developer named Josh Junan, who goes by developer named Josh Junan, who goes by Quicks Online, wakes up to what looks Quicks Online, wakes up to what looks Quicks Online, wakes up to what looks like an official email from MPM support. like an official email from MPM support. like an official email from MPM support. And it stated in no uncertain terms, And it stated in no uncertain terms, And it stated in no uncertain terms, "Your account will be locked on "Your account will be locked on "Your account will be locked on September 10th unless you update your September 10th unless you update your September 10th unless you update your 2FA." Now, like I said before, Josh is 2FA." Now, like I said before, Josh is 2FA." Now, like I said before, Josh is the maintainer of some pretty important the maintainer of some pretty important the maintainer of some pretty important packages like chalk, debug, Anzi styles, packages like chalk, debug, Anzi styles, packages like chalk, debug, Anzi styles, and a bunch of other utilities that and a bunch of other utilities that and a bunch of other utilities that other developers depend on. other developers depend on. other developers depend on. I'm kind of a big deal. I'm kind of a big deal. I'm kind of a big deal. Almost every nodebased CLI tool depends Almost every nodebased CLI tool depends Almost every nodebased CLI tool depends on one of these packages. The email on one of these packages. The email on one of these packages. The email looks legit and it's coming from support looks legit and it's coming from support looks legit and it's coming from support mpmjs.help mpmjs.help mpmjs.help which looks official, right? Wrong. It's which looks official, right? Wrong. It's which looks official, right? Wrong. It's actually a classic fishing attack. Even actually a classic fishing attack. Even actually a classic fishing attack. Even though Josh is very smart and a much though Josh is very smart and a much though Josh is very smart and a much better developer than you or I, he better developer than you or I, he better developer than you or I, he clicked the link, entered his clicked the link, entered his clicked the link, entered his credentials, and gave attackers full credentials, and gave attackers full credentials, and gave attackers full control to his npm account and the control to his npm account and the control to his npm account and the ability to publish new code to these ability to publish new code to these ability to publish new code to these popular packages. And combined, these popular packages. And combined, these popular packages. And combined, these packages get over 2.5 billion weekly packages get over 2.5 billion weekly packages get over 2.5 billion weekly downloads, which is a crazy number. downloads, which is a crazy number. downloads, which is a crazy number. Realizing they just struck gold, they Realizing they just struck gold, they Realizing they just struck gold, they almost immediately start publishing new almost immediately start publishing new almost immediately start publishing new versions of these packages. But here's versions of these packages. But here's versions of these packages. But here's where things get interesting. It wasn't where things get interesting. It wasn't where things get interesting. It wasn't just some generic malware, but rather a just some generic malware, but rather a just some generic malware, but rather a cryptospecific attack targeting web 3 cryptospecific attack targeting web 3 cryptospecific attack targeting web 3 users. The bad code would inject itself users. The bad code would inject itself users. The bad code would inject itself into a web browser and monitor into a web browser and monitor into a web browser and monitor cryptocurrency transactions through cryptocurrency transactions through cryptocurrency transactions through things like MetaMask. Then when a user things like MetaMask. Then when a user things like MetaMask. Then when a user tries to send Bitcoin or Ethereum to one tries to send Bitcoin or Ethereum to one tries to send Bitcoin or Ethereum to one of their friends, it silently swaps out of their friends, it silently swaps out of their friends, it silently swaps out the destination address with one of the the destination address with one of the the destination address with one of the attackers crypto wallet addresses. This attackers crypto wallet addresses. This attackers crypto wallet addresses. This type of malware is commonly known as a type of malware is commonly known as a type of malware is commonly known as a crypto clipper. But one thing that's crypto clipper. But one thing that's crypto clipper. But one thing that's interesting is that it doesn't just interesting is that it doesn't just interesting is that it doesn't just select a random address. Instead, it select a random address. Instead, it select a random address. Instead, it uses the Levenstein distance algorithm uses the Levenstein distance algorithm uses the Levenstein distance algorithm to calculate the visual similarity to calculate the visual similarity to calculate the visual similarity between two strings. That means when the between two strings. That means when the between two strings. That means when the swap occurs, it's much harder for the swap occurs, it's much harder for the swap occurs, it's much harder for the end user to detect that anything has end user to detect that anything has end user to detect that anything has changed. For example, the Levenstein changed. For example, the Levenstein changed. For example, the Levenstein distance between dude and bro is four, distance between dude and bro is four, distance between dude and bro is four, but the distance between bra and bro is but the distance between bra and bro is but the distance between bra and bro is only two. And the attackers use this only two. And the attackers use this only two. And the attackers use this algorithm to find a wallet address that algorithm to find a wallet address that algorithm to find a wallet address that would be the least obvious to the human would be the least obvious to the human would be the least obvious to the human eye when the swap occurs. Now, these eye when the swap occurs. Now, these eye when the swap occurs. Now, these packages were compromised for about 2 packages were compromised for about 2 packages were compromised for about 2 hours before the community caught on. hours before the community caught on. hours before the community caught on. But in those two hours, they were But in those two hours, they were But in those two hours, they were installed millions of times across CI/CD installed millions of times across CI/CD installed millions of times across CI/CD pipelines, development environments, and pipelines, development environments, and pipelines, development environments, and production systems around the world. And production systems around the world. And production systems around the world. And the big question is, how much money did the big question is, how much money did the big question is, how much money did the attackers actually steal? You would the attackers actually steal? You would the attackers actually steal? You would think it needs to at least be hundreds think it needs to at least be hundreds think it needs to at least be hundreds of millions of dollars. But in reality, of millions of dollars. But in reality, of millions of dollars. But in reality, they only got away with about $50 worth they only got away with about $50 worth they only got away with about $50 worth of Ethereum. That was a close call, but of Ethereum. That was a close call, but of Ethereum. That was a close call, but it's a wakeup call for JavaScript it's a wakeup call for JavaScript it's a wakeup call for JavaScript developers that maybe we need some developers that maybe we need some developers that maybe we need some additional safeguards on these popular additional safeguards on these popular additional safeguards on these popular packages. Or maybe we should rename npm packages. Or maybe we should rename npm packages. Or maybe we should rename npm install to npm prey because every time install to npm prey because every time install to npm prey because every time you use it, you need to pray the code you use it, you need to pray the code you use it, you need to pray the code you're installing on your machine wasn't you're installing on your machine wasn't you're installing on your machine wasn't compromised by crypto bros a few hours compromised by crypto bros a few hours compromised by crypto bros a few hours ago. Or maybe you shouldn't even use ago. Or maybe you shouldn't even use ago. Or maybe you shouldn't even use JavaScript for backend and only use it JavaScript for backend and only use it JavaScript for backend and only use it for UI design like God intended. And the for UI design like God intended. And the for UI design like God intended. And the best place to get some fresh UI best place to get some fresh UI best place to get some fresh UI inspiration is mobin.com, the sponsor of inspiration is mobin.com, the sponsor of inspiration is mobin.com, the sponsor of today's video. I've been using Mobin for today's video. I've been using Mobin for today's video. I've been using Mobin for 5 years now because it provides highly 5 years now because it provides highly 5 years now because it provides highly detailed breakdowns of every screen in detailed breakdowns of every screen in detailed breakdowns of every screen in thousands of popular applications. As a thousands of popular applications. As a thousands of popular applications. As a developer, you can steal, I mean, get developer, you can steal, I mean, get developer, you can steal, I mean, get inspired by these patterns and implement inspired by these patterns and implement inspired by these patterns and implement them in your own applications. You can them in your own applications. You can them in your own applications. You can analyze entire user journeys, UI analyze entire user journeys, UI analyze entire user journeys, UI elements, and screens from over 1,000 elements, and screens from over 1,000 elements, and screens from over 1,000 highly successful web and mobile apps. highly successful web and mobile apps. highly successful web and mobile apps. And you can even bring them directly And you can even bring them directly And you can even bring them directly into Figma to kickstart your design into Figma to kickstart your design into Figma to kickstart your design process. Try Mobin for free right now process. Try Mobin for free right now process. Try Mobin for free right now with the link below, and you'll get a with the link below, and you'll get a with the link below, and you'll get a 20% discount. This has been the code 20% discount. This has been the code 20% discount. This has been the code report. Thanks for watching and I will report. Thanks for watching and I will report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next
