Title: Agent Client Protocol ： The “New MCP” for IDEs and Coding Agents
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Agent client protocol or ACP has the Agent client protocol or ACP has the Agent client protocol or ACP has the potential of becoming the new MCP. This potential of becoming the new MCP. This potential of becoming the new MCP. This new protocol standardized communication new protocol standardized communication new protocol standardized communication between code editors or idees and coding between code editors or idees and coding between code editors or idees and coding agents. So what exactly is the problem agents. So what exactly is the problem agents. So what exactly is the problem it's trying to solve? Every major it's trying to solve? Every major it's trying to solve? Every major company is trying to release their own company is trying to release their own company is trying to release their own CLI based coding agents. Now these CLI CLI based coding agents. Now these CLI CLI based coding agents. Now these CLI based coding agents do have support for based coding agents do have support for based coding agents do have support for some of the coding IDEs but in most some of the coding IDEs but in most some of the coding IDEs but in most cases it's a hack rather than a native cases it's a hack rather than a native cases it's a hack rather than a native support. This new protocol is trying to support. This new protocol is trying to support. This new protocol is trying to standardize that. So you're going to be standardize that. So you're going to be standardize that. So you're going to be able to see for example diffs in an IDE able to see for example diffs in an IDE able to see for example diffs in an IDE that are made by the coding agent. Let that are made by the coding agent. Let that are made by the coding agent. Let me show you this in action and later on me show you this in action and later on me show you this in action and later on I'll show you why this is significant I'll show you why this is significant I'll show you why this is significant and how does the protocol work. So this and how does the protocol work. So this and how does the protocol work. So this is Zed an open-source IDE. It has is Zed an open-source IDE. It has is Zed an open-source IDE. It has support for agent client protocol. So support for agent client protocol. So support for agent client protocol. So right now it supports both cloud code right now it supports both cloud code right now it supports both cloud code and Gemini CLA and they are adding and Gemini CLA and they are adding and Gemini CLA and they are adding support for new agents. So let's say if support for new agents. So let's say if support for new agents. So let's say if we select Gemini CLI you're going to see we select Gemini CLI you're going to see we select Gemini CLI you're going to see that it acts very similar to a simple that it acts very similar to a simple that it acts very similar to a simple coding agent for example that present in coding agent for example that present in coding agent for example that present in cursor. You don't really see any other cursor. You don't really see any other cursor. You don't really see any other CLI based tool anymore. And let's ask it CLI based tool anymore. And let's ask it CLI based tool anymore. And let's ask it create a Python file that implements AAR create a Python file that implements AAR create a Python file that implements AAR search algorithm. search algorithm. search algorithm. Now when you send the command, it feels Now when you send the command, it feels Now when you send the command, it feels like you are just interacting directly like you are just interacting directly like you are just interacting directly within the IDE. The beauty of agent within the IDE. The beauty of agent within the IDE. The beauty of agent client protocol is that it is IDE and client protocol is that it is IDE and client protocol is that it is IDE and agent agnostic. So any IDE that is going agent agnostic. So any IDE that is going agent agnostic. So any IDE that is going to support or add support for this to support or add support for this to support or add support for this protocol will act in exactly the same protocol will act in exactly the same protocol will act in exactly the same way. So here Gemini CLI came up with a way. So here Gemini CLI came up with a way. So here Gemini CLI came up with a code we are going to allow for it to code we are going to allow for it to code we are going to allow for it to edit and in here you see that it created edit and in here you see that it created edit and in here you see that it created a new Python file but you can actually a new Python file but you can actually a new Python file but you can actually see all the diffs directly within the see all the diffs directly within the see all the diffs directly within the IDE. Now Gemini CLI has support for VS IDE. Now Gemini CLI has support for VS IDE. Now Gemini CLI has support for VS code where you can integrate it Gemini code where you can integrate it Gemini code where you can integrate it Gemini CLI and then you see the diffs in VS CLI and then you see the diffs in VS CLI and then you see the diffs in VS code but it's not universal but the goal code but it's not universal but the goal code but it's not universal but the goal or the idea behind this protocol is that or the idea behind this protocol is that or the idea behind this protocol is that it's going to become universal. Let's it's going to become universal. Let's it's going to become universal. Let's say we accept all these changes but now say we accept all these changes but now say we accept all these changes but now we want to continue working on this file we want to continue working on this file we want to continue working on this file but we want to use clot code instead. So but we want to use clot code instead. So but we want to use clot code instead. So here I can just click on clot code. it here I can just click on clot code. it here I can just click on clot code. it is going to create another thread within is going to create another thread within is going to create another thread within the same IDE. And now I can say add the same IDE. And now I can say add the same IDE. And now I can say add comments to and the rest of the comments to and the rest of the comments to and the rest of the functionality works in a similar way functionality works in a similar way functionality works in a similar way that works in cloud code. So we can just that works in cloud code. So we can just that works in cloud code. So we can just reference to a specific file. We're reference to a specific file. We're reference to a specific file. We're going to send in the request and cloud going to send in the request and cloud going to send in the request and cloud code would be able to make updates to code would be able to make updates to code would be able to make updates to the file. Again, it's asking us for the file. Again, it's asking us for the file. Again, it's asking us for permission. So we're going to allow it. permission. So we're going to allow it. permission. So we're going to allow it. And you can actually see all the diffs And you can actually see all the diffs And you can actually see all the diffs directly within IDE again. So there's a directly within IDE again. So there's a directly within IDE again. So there's a very tight integration between the IDE very tight integration between the IDE very tight integration between the IDE and coding agent through agent client and coding agent through agent client and coding agent through agent client protocol. Again, it's agnostic to both protocol. Again, it's agnostic to both protocol. Again, it's agnostic to both the coding agent and the IDE. And that's the coding agent and the IDE. And that's the coding agent and the IDE. And that's the beauty because even though if there the beauty because even though if there the beauty because even though if there is a support for cloud code in curs, is a support for cloud code in curs, is a support for cloud code in curs, it's a hack that Entropic had to it's a hack that Entropic had to it's a hack that Entropic had to implement. But now in this case, the implement. But now in this case, the implement. But now in this case, the communication is going to be communication is going to be communication is going to be standardized. Okay. So who is behind standardized. Okay. So who is behind standardized. Okay. So who is behind this? This protocol was created by Zed this? This protocol was created by Zed this? This protocol was created by Zed Industries who are also the creators of Industries who are also the creators of Industries who are also the creators of Zed IDE. That's the opensource Zed IDE. That's the opensource Zed IDE. That's the opensource coding integrated development coding integrated development coding integrated development environment that we saw in conjunction environment that we saw in conjunction environment that we saw in conjunction with the Google Gemini team. So at the with the Google Gemini team. So at the with the Google Gemini team. So at the moment it supports Gemini CLI and cloud moment it supports Gemini CLI and cloud moment it supports Gemini CLI and cloud code out of the box. If you run it for code out of the box. If you run it for code out of the box. If you run it for the first time you will have to log in the first time you will have to log in the first time you will have to log in but it also has the ability to support but it also has the ability to support but it also has the ability to support any other custom agents as well. In that any other custom agents as well. In that any other custom agents as well. In that case, you will need to just create a case, you will need to just create a case, you will need to just create a JSON file with this specific structure. JSON file with this specific structure. JSON file with this specific structure. So, you're going to have the agent So, you're going to have the agent So, you're going to have the agent server, then what exactly the command server, then what exactly the command server, then what exactly the command it's going to use, and then there is a it's going to use, and then there is a it's going to use, and then there is a an index.js file which is going to point an index.js file which is going to point an index.js file which is going to point to that specific agent. And the beauty to that specific agent. And the beauty to that specific agent. And the beauty is that it's an open- source protocol. is that it's an open- source protocol. is that it's an open- source protocol. So hopefully more players will get So hopefully more players will get So hopefully more players will get involved and make this protocol better. involved and make this protocol better. involved and make this protocol better. But the idea is that we want to minimize But the idea is that we want to minimize But the idea is that we want to minimize integration overhead. So right now every integration overhead. So right now every integration overhead. So right now every new a agent editor combination requires new a agent editor combination requires new a agent editor combination requires custom work with this protocol. Similar custom work with this protocol. Similar custom work with this protocol. Similar to MCP you take that away and also agent to MCP you take that away and also agent to MCP you take that away and also agent work with only limited number of work with only limited number of work with only limited number of available editors that we have seen a available editors that we have seen a available editors that we have seen a cursor does not have support for all of cursor does not have support for all of cursor does not have support for all of the coding agents. Same is the case with the coding agents. Same is the case with the coding agents. Same is the case with VS code and windsurf. And also sometimes VS code and windsurf. And also sometimes VS code and windsurf. And also sometimes there are developer loginins. So there are developer loginins. So there are developer loginins. So choosing an agent often means accepting choosing an agent often means accepting choosing an agent often means accepting their available interfaces. But with ACP their available interfaces. But with ACP their available interfaces. But with ACP you take that away. Now you can you take that away. Now you can you take that away. Now you can potentially integrate any coding agent potentially integrate any coding agent potentially integrate any coding agent within the IDE of your choice. So a code within the IDE of your choice. So a code within the IDE of your choice. So a code editor can talk to any agent through editor can talk to any agent through editor can talk to any agent through standard IO. So what exactly is this standard IO. So what exactly is this standard IO. So what exactly is this under the hood? It's a JSON RCP protocol under the hood? It's a JSON RCP protocol under the hood? It's a JSON RCP protocol that lets any code editor talk to any that lets any code editor talk to any that lets any code editor talk to any coding agent. So you can just plug and coding agent. So you can just plug and coding agent. So you can just plug and play and the idea is that it takes away play and the idea is that it takes away play and the idea is that it takes away friction. So the editor with the first friction. So the editor with the first friction. So the editor with the first class UI to the coding agent that means class UI to the coding agent that means class UI to the coding agent that means you'll be able to see live divs, you'll be able to see live divs, you'll be able to see live divs, multibuffer reviews, navigation and multibuffer reviews, navigation and multibuffer reviews, navigation and everything. Here's a very simple everything. Here's a very simple everything. Here's a very simple architecture. So you have the client architecture. So you have the client architecture. So you have the client that is your code editor and then on the that is your code editor and then on the that is your code editor and then on the other side you have the agent very other side you have the agent very other side you have the agent very similar to the MCP protocol. Once the similar to the MCP protocol. Once the similar to the MCP protocol. Once the communication is established between the communication is established between the communication is established between the two then the code editor is being two then the code editor is being two then the code editor is being controlled by the coding agent. Here's a controlled by the coding agent. Here's a controlled by the coding agent. Here's a more detailed flow. So this is transport more detailed flow. So this is transport more detailed flow. So this is transport agnostic. You use commonly standard agnostic. You use commonly standard agnostic. You use commonly standard input output operations uh to a input output operations uh to a input output operations uh to a subprocess. The editor starts the agent subprocess. The editor starts the agent subprocess. The editor starts the agent and exchange structured request and and exchange structured request and and exchange structured request and responses and then the agent proposes responses and then the agent proposes responses and then the agent proposes actions that will be navigate, edit, run actions that will be navigate, edit, run actions that will be navigate, edit, run tool etc. Now you might be thinking how tool etc. Now you might be thinking how tool etc. Now you might be thinking how exactly is this different from MCP. Uh exactly is this different from MCP. Uh exactly is this different from MCP. Uh so ACP controls the communication so ACP controls the communication so ACP controls the communication between the editor and coding agent. between the editor and coding agent. between the editor and coding agent. That means that it gives the agent the That means that it gives the agent the That means that it gives the agent the ability to control uh UI components or ability to control uh UI components or ability to control uh UI components or control channels. For example, edit control channels. For example, edit control channels. For example, edit navigation, reviews, diffs, those are navigation, reviews, diffs, those are navigation, reviews, diffs, those are directly the communication between the directly the communication between the directly the communication between the agent and the editor. On the other hand, agent and the editor. On the other hand, agent and the editor. On the other hand, MCP is agent and tool communication. So, MCP is agent and tool communication. So, MCP is agent and tool communication. So, it's a standard way to expose tools or it's a standard way to expose tools or it's a standard way to expose tools or context to your agent. So, essentially context to your agent. So, essentially context to your agent. So, essentially they are complimentary and ACP editor they are complimentary and ACP editor they are complimentary and ACP editor can let an ACP agent use MCP server can let an ACP agent use MCP server can let an ACP agent use MCP server under editor mandated per permissions. under editor mandated per permissions. under editor mandated per permissions. Right? So there is absolutely no Right? So there is absolutely no Right? So there is absolutely no conflict. Essentially you're just adding conflict. Essentially you're just adding conflict. Essentially you're just adding communication between the editor and communication between the editor and communication between the editor and code coding agent which is agnostic of code coding agent which is agnostic of code coding agent which is agnostic of the both. Keep in mind these are early the both. Keep in mind these are early the both. Keep in mind these are early specs so it's actively evolving. Expect specs so it's actively evolving. Expect specs so it's actively evolving. Expect changes and there are going to be changes and there are going to be changes and there are going to be versioning. At the moment it's written versioning. At the moment it's written versioning. At the moment it's written in Rust. The whole Z IDE is written in in Rust. The whole Z IDE is written in in Rust. The whole Z IDE is written in Rust. So we'll have to see if the other Rust. So we'll have to see if the other Rust. So we'll have to see if the other coding agents plus the editors are going coding agents plus the editors are going coding agents plus the editors are going to add support for this or not. Now to add support for this or not. Now to add support for this or not. Now another very important thing to consider another very important thing to consider another very important thing to consider is the security and authentication is the security and authentication is the security and authentication aspect. MCP still struggle with that. I aspect. MCP still struggle with that. I aspect. MCP still struggle with that. I haven't really seen much on ACP either. haven't really seen much on ACP either. haven't really seen much on ACP either. So at the moment it's only available in So at the moment it's only available in So at the moment it's only available in Z IDE which is an open source model. So Z IDE which is an open source model. So Z IDE which is an open source model. So if you use claude or Gemini CLI, I think if you use claude or Gemini CLI, I think if you use claude or Gemini CLI, I think it's a pretty good coding editor because it's a pretty good coding editor because it's a pretty good coding editor because you can run it for free. They also have you can run it for free. They also have you can run it for free. They also have their own coding agent. So if you go their own coding agent. So if you go their own coding agent. So if you go open a new thread, you can select a open a new thread, you can select a open a new thread, you can select a number of different models including number of different models including number of different models including some of the open weight models that are some of the open weight models that are some of the open weight models that are running on Olama on your machine. For running on Olama on your machine. For running on Olama on your machine. For example, you can actually see them here. example, you can actually see them here. example, you can actually see them here. But instead of I guess paying for that, But instead of I guess paying for that, But instead of I guess paying for that, I would either use clot code or Gemini I would either use clot code or Gemini I would either use clot code or Gemini CLA. if you have already subscription. CLA. if you have already subscription. CLA. if you have already subscription. Anyways, do let me know your thoughts of Anyways, do let me know your thoughts of Anyways, do let me know your thoughts of what you think about ACP. I'd highly what you think about ACP. I'd highly what you think about ACP. I'd highly recommend to at least read about this recommend to at least read about this recommend to at least read about this because this could be as big as MCP. because this could be as big as MCP. because this could be as big as MCP. Thanks for watching and as always, see Thanks for watching and as always, see Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the next one.
