Title: AI News： New FREE Agent Is Blowing My Mind
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

This week, we got a new open weight This week, we got a new open weight This week, we got a new open weight model that is really, really impressive. model that is really, really impressive. model that is really, really impressive. We got some cool new video editing We got some cool new video editing We got some cool new video editing tools, an AI image generator that tools, an AI image generator that tools, an AI image generator that promises consistent characters, and so promises consistent characters, and so promises consistent characters, and so much more this week. I don't want to much more this week. I don't want to much more this week. I don't want to waste your time, so let's get right into waste your time, so let's get right into waste your time, so let's get right into it. Starting with this new large it. Starting with this new large it. Starting with this new large language model called GLM 4.5. Now, when language model called GLM 4.5. Now, when language model called GLM 4.5. Now, when I first came across this model, I was I first came across this model, I was I first came across this model, I was actually going to push it towards the actually going to push it towards the actually going to push it towards the end of the video because I'm not really end of the video because I'm not really end of the video because I'm not really that into models that just show like that into models that just show like that into models that just show like marginal improvements over what we've marginal improvements over what we've marginal improvements over what we've already got. I mean, if we look at this already got. I mean, if we look at this already got. I mean, if we look at this new GLM 4.5 model, it is an open weight new GLM 4.5 model, it is an open weight new GLM 4.5 model, it is an open weight model, meaning that you can download the model, meaning that you can download the model, meaning that you can download the weights and use them on your own weights and use them on your own weights and use them on your own computer or you can run them on a cloud computer or you can run them on a cloud computer or you can run them on a cloud computer and do whatever you want with computer and do whatever you want with computer and do whatever you want with them. And it holds up against the them. And it holds up against the them. And it holds up against the state-of-the-art models that are out state-of-the-art models that are out state-of-the-art models that are out there. So if we do look at these there. So if we do look at these there. So if we do look at these benchmark charts here, we can see this benchmark charts here, we can see this benchmark charts here, we can see this GLM 4.5 performs almost as well as Gro 4 GLM 4.5 performs almost as well as Gro 4 GLM 4.5 performs almost as well as Gro 4 and ChatGpt's 03 and actually performed and ChatGpt's 03 and actually performed and ChatGpt's 03 and actually performed better than Claude 4 Opus on agentic better than Claude 4 Opus on agentic better than Claude 4 Opus on agentic reasoning and coding benchmarks. Again, reasoning and coding benchmarks. Again, reasoning and coding benchmarks. Again, I personally pay less and less attention I personally pay less and less attention I personally pay less and less attention to benchmarks. I want to see something to benchmarks. I want to see something to benchmarks. I want to see something that when I use it, I'm just genuinely that when I use it, I'm just genuinely that when I use it, I'm just genuinely impressed by it. And this model, when I impressed by it. And this model, when I impressed by it. And this model, when I went and used it for the first time, I went and used it for the first time, I went and used it for the first time, I was genuinely impressed by it, was genuinely impressed by it, was genuinely impressed by it, especially for an openweight model especially for an openweight model especially for an openweight model that's freely available for anybody to that's freely available for anybody to that's freely available for anybody to use. You can actually head on over to use. You can actually head on over to use. You can actually head on over to Z.ai and use this fully for free. And Z.ai and use this fully for free. And Z.ai and use this fully for free. And one of the party tricks of this model one of the party tricks of this model one of the party tricks of this model that is really cool is that it can that is really cool is that it can that is really cool is that it can create slide decks. You select AI create slide decks. You select AI create slide decks. You select AI slides. Here you can see that it will slides. Here you can see that it will slides. Here you can see that it will use image search, web search, and use image search, web search, and use image search, web search, and slidemaker to actually make you a slide slidemaker to actually make you a slide slidemaker to actually make you a slide deck. Just for fun, I gave it the prompt deck. Just for fun, I gave it the prompt deck. Just for fun, I gave it the prompt a slide deck about how birds aren't a slide deck about how birds aren't a slide deck about how birds aren't real. And look, it went through and did real. And look, it went through and did real. And look, it went through and did all of this research for me and then all of this research for me and then all of this research for me and then built out a slide deck. So, it searched built out a slide deck. So, it searched built out a slide deck. So, it searched for information on the birds aren't real for information on the birds aren't real for information on the birds aren't real movement, visited Wikipedia, continued movement, visited Wikipedia, continued movement, visited Wikipedia, continued to read Wikipedia, visited the New York to read Wikipedia, visited the New York to read Wikipedia, visited the New York Times, read a 60-minute article about Times, read a 60-minute article about Times, read a 60-minute article about it, searched for relevant images, it, searched for relevant images, it, searched for relevant images, searched for images of the founder of searched for images of the founder of searched for images of the founder of the movement, then started to create the the movement, then started to create the the movement, then started to create the slide deck, and then you can see it slide deck, and then you can see it slide deck, and then you can see it created the first, second, third, etc. created the first, second, third, etc. created the first, second, third, etc. slides. And when all was said and done, slides. And when all was said and done, slides. And when all was said and done, it made this slide deck that genuinely it made this slide deck that genuinely it made this slide deck that genuinely impressed me. So, you can see it's got impressed me. So, you can see it's got impressed me. So, you can see it's got birds aren't real, the satirical birds aren't real, the satirical birds aren't real, the satirical conspiracy theory, some explanation conspiracy theory, some explanation conspiracy theory, some explanation about it. I love this little saying, if about it. I love this little saying, if about it. I love this little saying, if it flies, it spies. Details about the it flies, it spies. Details about the it flies, it spies. Details about the founder and the origins, and it even put founder and the origins, and it even put founder and the origins, and it even put a picture of the founder here with like a picture of the founder here with like a picture of the founder here with like a quote and details about him. Key a quote and details about him. Key a quote and details about him. Key claims and evidence. It's actually got a claims and evidence. It's actually got a claims and evidence. It's actually got a picture of a fake bird here with like picture of a fake bird here with like picture of a fake bird here with like the conspiracy details and the evidence the conspiracy details and the evidence the conspiracy details and the evidence presented, the growth and cultural presented, the growth and cultural presented, the growth and cultural impact, a million followers. I mean, impact, a million followers. I mean, impact, a million followers. I mean, these slides actually look like decent these slides actually look like decent these slides actually look like decent slides. The satirical nature with more slides. The satirical nature with more slides. The satirical nature with more details, more photos, and then the final details, more photos, and then the final details, more photos, and then the final slide here. So, it made six slides, but slide here. So, it made six slides, but slide here. So, it made six slides, but they're all really, really good-looking. they're all really, really good-looking. they're all really, really good-looking. For comparison, a few weeks ago, I had For comparison, a few weeks ago, I had For comparison, a few weeks ago, I had ChatGpt generate a slide deck, and this ChatGpt generate a slide deck, and this ChatGpt generate a slide deck, and this was the slide deck that it generated. was the slide deck that it generated. was the slide deck that it generated. So, you can see the slides are all just So, you can see the slides are all just So, you can see the slides are all just white rectangles with some black text. white rectangles with some black text. white rectangles with some black text. Yeah, there's some charts and stuff Yeah, there's some charts and stuff Yeah, there's some charts and stuff here, but they don't look anywhere near here, but they don't look anywhere near here, but they don't look anywhere near as good as what this new model created as good as what this new model created as good as what this new model created for a slide deck. Like, to me, these for a slide deck. Like, to me, these for a slide deck. Like, to me, these slides look really, really impressive. slides look really, really impressive. slides look really, really impressive. It's also really good at writing code It's also really good at writing code It's also really good at writing code and just like oneshotting whatever app and just like oneshotting whatever app and just like oneshotting whatever app you wanted to create. For example, you wanted to create. For example, you wanted to create. For example, create a clone of Vampire Survivors in create a clone of Vampire Survivors in create a clone of Vampire Survivors in JavaScript that I can play in the JavaScript that I can play in the JavaScript that I can play in the browser. I'll go ahead and submit this browser. I'll go ahead and submit this browser. I'll go ahead and submit this prompt here, and we can see that it is a prompt here, and we can see that it is a prompt here, and we can see that it is a thinking model. So, it's going to think thinking model. So, it's going to think thinking model. So, it's going to think through and now it's just starting to through and now it's just starting to through and now it's just starting to write the code for me. And as it's doing write the code for me. And as it's doing write the code for me. And as it's doing that, I should mention that this model that, I should mention that this model that, I should mention that this model is extremely fast and so far totally is extremely fast and so far totally is extremely fast and so far totally free to use. I mean, there hasn't been free to use. I mean, there hasn't been free to use. I mean, there hasn't been anywhere where it's asked me to pay to anywhere where it's asked me to pay to anywhere where it's asked me to pay to use it. I'm using it directly on their use it. I'm using it directly on their use it. I'm using it directly on their website using their servers, their website using their servers, their website using their servers, their cloud. No payment whatsoever. Now, they cloud. No payment whatsoever. Now, they cloud. No payment whatsoever. Now, they do have an API, so my guess is they're do have an API, so my guess is they're do have an API, so my guess is they're going to generate revenue by getting going to generate revenue by getting going to generate revenue by getting people to use the API. But here we go. people to use the API. But here we go. people to use the API. But here we go. Here's the game. This is one-shotted. Here's the game. This is one-shotted. Here's the game. This is one-shotted. And we can see it's making a little And we can see it's making a little And we can see it's making a little flash circle that is like hurting the flash circle that is like hurting the flash circle that is like hurting the enemies as they get closer to me. I enemies as they get closer to me. I enemies as they get closer to me. I could dodge the enemies. Now, it could dodge the enemies. Now, it could dodge the enemies. Now, it obviously doesn't have the graphics of obviously doesn't have the graphics of obviously doesn't have the graphics of Vampire Survivors. I didn't give it any, Vampire Survivors. I didn't give it any, Vampire Survivors. I didn't give it any, you know, any graphics to play with, but you know, any graphics to play with, but you know, any graphics to play with, but the concept is there. I mean, it's a the concept is there. I mean, it's a the concept is there. I mean, it's a swarm of enemies coming towards the swarm of enemies coming towards the swarm of enemies coming towards the character and the character just auto character and the character just auto character and the character just auto fires its weapon and hurts the enemies fires its weapon and hurts the enemies fires its weapon and hurts the enemies that get near it. And then I collect that get near it. And then I collect that get near it. And then I collect little XP points. And then let's see. little XP points. And then let's see. little XP points. And then let's see. Let's put on throw knives. Let's see if Let's put on throw knives. Let's see if Let's put on throw knives. Let's see if it actually it actually does throw kn. it actually it actually does throw kn. it actually it actually does throw kn. Look at that. throws the dives and we've Look at that. throws the dives and we've Look at that. throws the dives and we've got a weapon that's shooting in four got a weapon that's shooting in four got a weapon that's shooting in four different directions now and I'm different directions now and I'm different directions now and I'm leveling up. Let's used garlic and it's leveling up. Let's used garlic and it's leveling up. Let's used garlic and it's worked. This was one shot. I literally worked. This was one shot. I literally worked. This was one shot. I literally gave it no other prompts. So, if I gave it no other prompts. So, if I gave it no other prompts. So, if I wanted to now I can go and replace all wanted to now I can go and replace all wanted to now I can go and replace all the little dots with actual like the little dots with actual like the little dots with actual like character graphics, but the actual character graphics, but the actual character graphics, but the actual gameplay of the Vampire Survivors like gameplay of the Vampire Survivors like gameplay of the Vampire Survivors like bullet hell style of game works. Like bullet hell style of game works. Like bullet hell style of game works. Like one prompt and it worked. Like it it's one prompt and it worked. Like it it's one prompt and it worked. Like it it's really really good. And it's an really really good. And it's an really really good. And it's an openweight model. Like this model is openweight model. Like this model is openweight model. Like this model is blowing my mind right now. Again, I tend blowing my mind right now. Again, I tend blowing my mind right now. Again, I tend to not get in the weeds whenever there's to not get in the weeds whenever there's to not get in the weeds whenever there's a new large language model that comes a new large language model that comes a new large language model that comes out that feels marginally more out that feels marginally more out that feels marginally more impressive than what was already there, impressive than what was already there, impressive than what was already there, but this one feels like way more but this one feels like way more but this one feels like way more impressive, especially for an openweight impressive, especially for an openweight impressive, especially for an openweight model. So, really, really cool model, model. So, really, really cool model, model. So, really, really cool model, GLM4.5. GLM4.5. GLM4.5. You can play around with it over at You can play around with it over at You can play around with it over at z.ai. You will have to log in. You can z.ai. You will have to log in. You can z.ai. You will have to log in. You can use your Google login to get in, but use your Google login to get in, but use your Google login to get in, but it's really, really impressive. Next up, it's really, really impressive. Next up, it's really, really impressive. Next up, let's talk about AI video editing. let's talk about AI video editing. let's talk about AI video editing. Runway just released a new feature Runway just released a new feature Runway just released a new feature called ALF. Al, I think it's ALF. And called ALF. Al, I think it's ALF. And called ALF. Al, I think it's ALF. And it's a feature where you can feed it a it's a feature where you can feed it a it's a feature where you can feed it a video and then tell it what you want to video and then tell it what you want to video and then tell it what you want to edit about the video and it will edit edit about the video and it will edit edit about the video and it will edit just that thing about the video. So, if just that thing about the video. So, if just that thing about the video. So, if I log into my Runway account, supposedly I log into my Runway account, supposedly I log into my Runway account, supposedly this is rolled out for all paid this is rolled out for all paid this is rolled out for all paid accounts. I don't think it's in the free accounts. I don't think it's in the free accounts. I don't think it's in the free account, but if you're on any of the account, but if you're on any of the account, but if you're on any of the monthly paid plans, it should work. And monthly paid plans, it should work. And monthly paid plans, it should work. And they recommend using it in chat mode. they recommend using it in chat mode. they recommend using it in chat mode. So, let's give it a video. I want to So, let's give it a video. I want to So, let's give it a video. I want to give it this clip from Top Gun Maverick give it this clip from Top Gun Maverick give it this clip from Top Gun Maverick and make him flying around in space and make him flying around in space and make him flying around in space instead of the sky. Let's just try that instead of the sky. Let's just try that instead of the sky. Let's just try that first. Let's give it the prompt, put first. Let's give it the prompt, put first. Let's give it the prompt, put this in space being chased by an alien this in space being chased by an alien this in space being chased by an alien spaceship. Let's see what it does. And spaceship. Let's see what it does. And spaceship. Let's see what it does. And here's what that looks like. I mean, here's what that looks like. I mean, here's what that looks like. I mean, he's definitely in space. Not seeing the he's definitely in space. Not seeing the he's definitely in space. Not seeing the alien spaceship, but it put the jet in alien spaceship, but it put the jet in alien spaceship, but it put the jet in space. Maybe that little light there I'm space. Maybe that little light there I'm space. Maybe that little light there I'm like pointing at my screen like you like pointing at my screen like you like pointing at my screen like you could tell where I'm pointing is the could tell where I'm pointing is the could tell where I'm pointing is the alien spaceship. I mean, it did a pretty alien spaceship. I mean, it did a pretty alien spaceship. I mean, it did a pretty good job of putting a guy in a jet good job of putting a guy in a jet good job of putting a guy in a jet fighter flying in space, but I'm not fighter flying in space, but I'm not fighter flying in space, but I'm not really seeing the alien spaceship, but really seeing the alien spaceship, but really seeing the alien spaceship, but it's still pretty impressive. Let's try it's still pretty impressive. Let's try it's still pretty impressive. Let's try this clip here from the Flash where he's this clip here from the Flash where he's this clip here from the Flash where he's got all the babies on the table, but got all the babies on the table, but got all the babies on the table, but let's replace the babies with a giant let's replace the babies with a giant let's replace the babies with a giant sandwich. Pull this clip in. Replace the sandwich. Pull this clip in. Replace the sandwich. Pull this clip in. Replace the babies with one giant hogy sandwich. And babies with one giant hogy sandwich. And babies with one giant hogy sandwich. And here's what that looks like. here's what that looks like. here's what that looks like. I mean, it worked. It left a couple I mean, it worked. It left a couple I mean, it worked. It left a couple babies there, but it worked. So, this babies there, but it worked. So, this babies there, but it worked. So, this stayed exactly the same. And then it stayed exactly the same. And then it stayed exactly the same. And then it switched to the Flash, showing off a switched to the Flash, showing off a switched to the Flash, showing off a giant sandwich with a couple babies giant sandwich with a couple babies giant sandwich with a couple babies still hanging out next to the sandwich. still hanging out next to the sandwich. still hanging out next to the sandwich. But, I mean, it it worked. It did what But, I mean, it it worked. It did what But, I mean, it it worked. It did what it was supposed to. That's pretty fun. it was supposed to. That's pretty fun. it was supposed to. That's pretty fun. All right. Now, I want to take this like All right. Now, I want to take this like All right. Now, I want to take this like iconic clip from The Shining where he's iconic clip from The Shining where he's iconic clip from The Shining where he's like chopping at the door here and like chopping at the door here and like chopping at the door here and instead of chopping at a door, let's instead of chopping at a door, let's instead of chopping at a door, let's have him chopping a tree. I'll toss this have him chopping a tree. I'll toss this have him chopping a tree. I'll toss this in here and just give it the prompt, in here and just give it the prompt, in here and just give it the prompt, "The man is chopping a tree in the "The man is chopping a tree in the "The man is chopping a tree in the forest." And well, I think this one went forest." And well, I think this one went forest." And well, I think this one went off the rails a little bit. It's not off the rails a little bit. It's not off the rails a little bit. It's not quite what I was anticipating, but for quite what I was anticipating, but for quite what I was anticipating, but for the most part, it seems really good at the most part, it seems really good at the most part, it seems really good at changing the environment something is changing the environment something is changing the environment something is in, like taking somebody that's in the in, like taking somebody that's in the in, like taking somebody that's in the sky and putting them in space and sky and putting them in space and sky and putting them in space and changing like single elements from changing like single elements from changing like single elements from within a video, like replacing babies within a video, like replacing babies within a video, like replacing babies with a sandwich. But taking a whole with a sandwich. But taking a whole with a sandwich. But taking a whole scene and trying to like make him scene and trying to like make him scene and trying to like make him chopping a tree instead of chopping out chopping a tree instead of chopping out chopping a tree instead of chopping out a door didn't quite seem to work. But a door didn't quite seem to work. But a door didn't quite seem to work. But still, this opens up a lot of potential still, this opens up a lot of potential still, this opens up a lot of potential of things that you can do with this of things that you can do with this of things that you can do with this model on X. I've seen some really cool model on X. I've seen some really cool model on X. I've seen some really cool and fun use cases like Christopher here and fun use cases like Christopher here and fun use cases like Christopher here who basically gave a prompt to remove who basically gave a prompt to remove who basically gave a prompt to remove the woman but keep the eye and you can the woman but keep the eye and you can the woman but keep the eye and you can see the original video was like a woman see the original video was like a woman see the original video was like a woman standing there and then now it's just an standing there and then now it's just an standing there and then now it's just an eye floating there. Apparently, it's eye floating there. Apparently, it's eye floating there. Apparently, it's really good at reimagining angles of really good at reimagining angles of really good at reimagining angles of existing videos. So, Omry here said, existing videos. So, Omry here said, existing videos. So, Omry here said, "One of my favorite capabilities of "One of my favorite capabilities of "One of my favorite capabilities of Runway ALF is how it combines new camera Runway ALF is how it combines new camera Runway ALF is how it combines new camera angles with next shot generation." So, angles with next shot generation." So, angles with next shot generation." So, here's the original video of two people here's the original video of two people here's the original video of two people looking at each other, but then they looking at each other, but then they looking at each other, but then they were able to make a new angle where the were able to make a new angle where the were able to make a new angle where the man's talking and then another angle man's talking and then another angle man's talking and then another angle where the woman's talking and then one where the woman's talking and then one where the woman's talking and then one where the man proposes marriage using an where the man proposes marriage using an where the man proposes marriage using an avocado. And all of this was based on avocado. And all of this was based on avocado. And all of this was based on this original video here. So, another this original video here. So, another this original video here. So, another really cool use case. If you are a really cool use case. If you are a really cool use case. If you are a business owner or run a SAS company, business owner or run a SAS company, business owner or run a SAS company, this one seems really practical. Andy this one seems really practical. Andy this one seems really practical. Andy here says the source video can be a here says the source video can be a here says the source video can be a screenshot and 3D camera movement. He screenshot and 3D camera movement. He screenshot and 3D camera movement. He spent about 2 minutes in After Effects spent about 2 minutes in After Effects spent about 2 minutes in After Effects just sort of making the screenshot just sort of making the screenshot just sort of making the screenshot rotate in 3D space. And then he provided rotate in 3D space. And then he provided rotate in 3D space. And then he provided a mockup image of a laptop and it put a mockup image of a laptop and it put a mockup image of a laptop and it put the SAS product inside of that mockup the SAS product inside of that mockup the SAS product inside of that mockup where you can see it like actually on a where you can see it like actually on a where you can see it like actually on a laptop. So pretty cool helpful use case laptop. So pretty cool helpful use case laptop. So pretty cool helpful use case if you're making like ads for your if you're making like ads for your if you're making like ads for your software business or something. The software business or something. The software business or something. The company Luma Labs this week also rolled company Luma Labs this week also rolled company Luma Labs this week also rolled out a similar feature called modify with out a similar feature called modify with out a similar feature called modify with instructions and it looks like the same instructions and it looks like the same instructions and it looks like the same kind of idea. You give it an input kind of idea. You give it an input kind of idea. You give it an input video, you give it some instructions of video, you give it some instructions of video, you give it some instructions of what you want it to do and it changes what you want it to do and it changes what you want it to do and it changes the video in those ways. So it can the video in those ways. So it can the video in those ways. So it can change the environment. It can take a change the environment. It can take a change the environment. It can take a dancing video and you know turn it into dancing video and you know turn it into dancing video and you know turn it into other scenes of people dancing relight other scenes of people dancing relight other scenes of people dancing relight all of the same kinds of things. And all of the same kinds of things. And all of the same kinds of things. And well I tested it out with the same kind well I tested it out with the same kind well I tested it out with the same kind of concepts. I took the Top Gun Maverick of concepts. I took the Top Gun Maverick of concepts. I took the Top Gun Maverick clip and said, "Put him in space being clip and said, "Put him in space being clip and said, "Put him in space being chased by an alien spaceship." And well, chased by an alien spaceship." And well, chased by an alien spaceship." And well, this one actually did a fairly good job. this one actually did a fairly good job. this one actually did a fairly good job. You can see on the left the jets flying You can see on the left the jets flying You can see on the left the jets flying around. And we can actually see a around. And we can actually see a around. And we can actually see a spaceship behind him looking like it's spaceship behind him looking like it's spaceship behind him looking like it's chasing him in in both of these. And it chasing him in in both of these. And it chasing him in in both of these. And it actually kept the sound, too. If I hover actually kept the sound, too. If I hover actually kept the sound, too. If I hover over these, you'll hear the sound. over these, you'll hear the sound. over these, you'll hear the sound. So, for this particular prompt, it did a So, for this particular prompt, it did a So, for this particular prompt, it did a pretty decent job of taking that clip pretty decent job of taking that clip pretty decent job of taking that clip and putting him in space being chased by and putting him in space being chased by and putting him in space being chased by an alien. I then gave it the second one an alien. I then gave it the second one an alien. I then gave it the second one and well that one went off the rails a and well that one went off the rails a and well that one went off the rails a little bit here. You can see there's a little bit here. You can see there's a little bit here. You can see there's a woman screaming and then there's a giant woman screaming and then there's a giant woman screaming and then there's a giant sandwich and then the woman screaming sandwich and then the woman screaming sandwich and then the woman screaming again, but it just sort of like again, but it just sort of like again, but it just sort of like reimagined everything. It looks like reimagined everything. It looks like reimagined everything. It looks like it's a completely different scene. The it's a completely different scene. The it's a completely different scene. The Flash is gone. We actually have like a Flash is gone. We actually have like a Flash is gone. We actually have like a lady in pink now instead of the Flash. lady in pink now instead of the Flash. lady in pink now instead of the Flash. The sandwich had like a baby head in it The sandwich had like a baby head in it The sandwich had like a baby head in it right there or something. So yeah, it right there or something. So yeah, it right there or something. So yeah, it didn't work for that at all. And then didn't work for that at all. And then didn't work for that at all. And then when I gave it the shot from The Shining when I gave it the shot from The Shining when I gave it the shot from The Shining where he's supposed to be chopping a where he's supposed to be chopping a where he's supposed to be chopping a tree, it just sort of like reskinned the tree, it just sort of like reskinned the tree, it just sort of like reskinned the same video and he looks like he's just same video and he looks like he's just same video and he looks like he's just chopping a door but like in a different chopping a door but like in a different chopping a door but like in a different environment. And one thing I noticed environment. And one thing I noticed environment. And one thing I noticed about the Luma Dream Machine is that you about the Luma Dream Machine is that you about the Luma Dream Machine is that you can click on modify and then give it a can click on modify and then give it a can click on modify and then give it a video and then you can adjust the video and then you can adjust the video and then you can adjust the strength. And if the strength is all the strength. And if the strength is all the strength. And if the strength is all the way up, it's going to make like pretty way up, it's going to make like pretty way up, it's going to make like pretty much a completely new video and not much a completely new video and not much a completely new video and not follow the original at all. And if you follow the original at all. And if you follow the original at all. And if you bring it all the way down, you're going bring it all the way down, you're going bring it all the way down, you're going to get like what we see here in this to get like what we see here in this to get like what we see here in this shining video where it pretty much shining video where it pretty much shining video where it pretty much matched the original video pretty dang matched the original video pretty dang matched the original video pretty dang closely. Just kind of changed what the closely. Just kind of changed what the closely. Just kind of changed what the environment looks like a little bit. So environment looks like a little bit. So environment looks like a little bit. So that's something that you can play with that's something that you can play with that's something that you can play with and tweak until you get the output that and tweak until you get the output that and tweak until you get the output that you're looking for. But again, between you're looking for. But again, between you're looking for. But again, between Luma and Runway, we can now take any Luma and Runway, we can now take any Luma and Runway, we can now take any video and tweak it. Put people in video and tweak it. Put people in video and tweak it. Put people in different environments, change objects different environments, change objects different environments, change objects within the image, add additional objects within the image, add additional objects within the image, add additional objects that weren't in the original video. so that weren't in the original video. so that weren't in the original video. so many opportunities to do really cool many opportunities to do really cool many opportunities to do really cool things with your videos. I want to pause things with your videos. I want to pause things with your videos. I want to pause real quick to talk about something that real quick to talk about something that real quick to talk about something that I think is pretty important. You know, I think is pretty important. You know, I think is pretty important. You know, it's easy to take clean water for it's easy to take clean water for it's easy to take clean water for granted until you imagine a world where granted until you imagine a world where granted until you imagine a world where it's not a tap away. No showers, no it's not a tap away. No showers, no it's not a tap away. No showers, no cooking, no safe drinking water. And for cooking, no safe drinking water. And for cooking, no safe drinking water. And for one in 10 people on Earth, that's one in 10 people on Earth, that's one in 10 people on Earth, that's everyday reality. And that's why for everyday reality. And that's why for everyday reality. And that's why for this video, I partnered with Team Water, this video, I partnered with Team Water, this video, I partnered with Team Water, a massive global campaign led by a massive global campaign led by a massive global campaign led by creators like Mr. Beast and Mark Robber creators like Mr. Beast and Mark Robber creators like Mr. Beast and Mark Robber aiming to raise $40 million to bring aiming to raise $40 million to bring aiming to raise $40 million to bring clean water to 2 million people. Now, I clean water to 2 million people. Now, I clean water to 2 million people. Now, I know this channel is all about tech and know this channel is all about tech and know this channel is all about tech and AI and the future. But here's the thing. AI and the future. But here's the thing. AI and the future. But here's the thing. What good is progress if it doesn't What good is progress if it doesn't What good is progress if it doesn't benefit everyone? Clean water is one of benefit everyone? Clean water is one of benefit everyone? Clean water is one of the most impactful, scalable the most impactful, scalable the most impactful, scalable technologies on the planet. It powers technologies on the planet. It powers technologies on the planet. It powers health, education, productivity, even health, education, productivity, even health, education, productivity, even innovation. And this campaign isn't innovation. And this campaign isn't innovation. And this campaign isn't about handing out bottled water or about handing out bottled water or about handing out bottled water or drilling random wells. It's about drilling random wells. It's about drilling random wells. It's about working with local communities to build working with local communities to build working with local communities to build sustainable infrastructure, solar sustainable infrastructure, solar sustainable infrastructure, solar powered pumps, piped water systems, even powered pumps, piped water systems, even powered pumps, piped water systems, even smart filtration and remote monitoring smart filtration and remote monitoring smart filtration and remote monitoring tech. Just $1 gives one person clean tech. Just $1 gives one person clean tech. Just $1 gives one person clean water for a year. And $20 gives them water for a year. And $20 gives them water for a year. And $20 gives them clean water for decades. So, I've set a clean water for decades. So, I've set a clean water for decades. So, I've set a personal goal to help raise a,000 bucks, personal goal to help raise a,000 bucks, personal goal to help raise a,000 bucks, but I'd love to crush that and go even but I'd love to crush that and go even but I'd love to crush that and go even bigger with your help. So, if you want bigger with your help. So, if you want bigger with your help. So, if you want to be a part of something truly to be a part of something truly to be a part of something truly meaningful, something that's solving a meaningful, something that's solving a meaningful, something that's solving a realworld problem using sustainable realworld problem using sustainable realworld problem using sustainable tech, check out the link in the tech, check out the link in the tech, check out the link in the description and contribute to team description and contribute to team description and contribute to team water. Every dollar counts because water water. Every dollar counts because water water. Every dollar counts because water connects us all and the future should be connects us all and the future should be connects us all and the future should be built for everyone. And so, we'd really built for everyone. And so, we'd really built for everyone. And so, we'd really love the support. Now, let's get back to love the support. Now, let's get back to love the support. Now, let's get back to it. So, this next thing isn't really it. So, this next thing isn't really it. So, this next thing isn't really like a new piece of news that came out like a new piece of news that came out like a new piece of news that came out of Google, but they did discover some of Google, but they did discover some of Google, but they did discover some emergent behavior from their VO model. emergent behavior from their VO model. emergent behavior from their VO model. Emergent behavior is basically things Emergent behavior is basically things Emergent behavior is basically things that the model creators didn't expect that the model creators didn't expect that the model creators didn't expect the model to be able to do, but it the model to be able to do, but it the model to be able to do, but it started doing it and they don't really started doing it and they don't really started doing it and they don't really exactly know why, but you can actually exactly know why, but you can actually exactly know why, but you can actually take an image, actually write text on take an image, actually write text on take an image, actually write text on the image of what you want to happen in the image of what you want to happen in the image of what you want to happen in the video, and the video will follow the the video, and the video will follow the the video, and the video will follow the instructions that you put on the image. instructions that you put on the image. instructions that you put on the image. So, you can see this was the original So, you can see this was the original So, you can see this was the original image where it says, "Dune buggy racing image where it says, "Dune buggy racing image where it says, "Dune buggy racing towards us at high speed, super fast. towards us at high speed, super fast. towards us at high speed, super fast. helicopter drops into the scene from helicopter drops into the scene from helicopter drops into the scene from above, flying towards us in hot pursuit. above, flying towards us in hot pursuit. above, flying towards us in hot pursuit. And you can see down on the bottom that And you can see down on the bottom that And you can see down on the bottom that the car comes towards you and then as the car comes towards you and then as the car comes towards you and then as the camera sort of zooms back, you see a the camera sort of zooms back, you see a the camera sort of zooms back, you see a helicopter come into the frame. Here's helicopter come into the frame. Here's helicopter come into the frame. Here's another angle. Dune buggy driving another angle. Dune buggy driving another angle. Dune buggy driving rapidly away from us. Helicopter drops rapidly away from us. Helicopter drops rapidly away from us. Helicopter drops into the scene. So you can see the dune into the scene. So you can see the dune into the scene. So you can see the dune buggy driving away there. And then the buggy driving away there. And then the buggy driving away there. And then the helicopter drops into the scene and the helicopter drops into the scene and the helicopter drops into the scene and the fact that you can add text to an image fact that you can add text to an image fact that you can add text to an image and the video model will follow what the and the video model will follow what the and the video model will follow what the text says in the image is the new text says in the image is the new text says in the image is the new interesting behavior. Here's a nice interesting behavior. Here's a nice interesting behavior. Here's a nice little thread that Techala rounded up of little thread that Techala rounded up of little thread that Techala rounded up of some examples of this. The man jumps on some examples of this. The man jumps on some examples of this. The man jumps on the giant turtle and rides it. The giant the giant turtle and rides it. The giant the giant turtle and rides it. The giant turtle heads to the sea walking with the turtle heads to the sea walking with the turtle heads to the sea walking with the man on top. And you can see that it man on top. And you can see that it man on top. And you can see that it follows that. He jumps on the turtle and follows that. He jumps on the turtle and follows that. He jumps on the turtle and the turtle starts walking towards the the turtle starts walking towards the the turtle starts walking towards the ocean. Another example, the man jumps on ocean. Another example, the man jumps on ocean. Another example, the man jumps on the crocodile. The crocodile opens its the crocodile. The crocodile opens its the crocodile. The crocodile opens its mouth. And here's what it generated. mouth. And here's what it generated. mouth. And here's what it generated. There's a man. He jumps on the crocodile There's a man. He jumps on the crocodile There's a man. He jumps on the crocodile and the crocodile opens its mouth. One and the crocodile opens its mouth. One and the crocodile opens its mouth. One thing you will notice though is that thing you will notice though is that thing you will notice though is that when it generates videos in this method, when it generates videos in this method, when it generates videos in this method, the text is actually still on the screen the text is actually still on the screen the text is actually still on the screen in the first couple frames of the video in the first couple frames of the video in the first couple frames of the video and then kind of fades out. So, if you and then kind of fades out. So, if you and then kind of fades out. So, if you are going to use this footage, you are going to use this footage, you are going to use this footage, you probably need to fast forward like a few probably need to fast forward like a few probably need to fast forward like a few frames in and then, you know, start the frames in and then, you know, start the frames in and then, you know, start the video from there and whatever you're video from there and whatever you're video from there and whatever you're editing into. That way, you don't have editing into. That way, you don't have editing into. That way, you don't have the initial text on the video. So, I the initial text on the video. So, I the initial text on the video. So, I want to test this out. So, I actually want to test this out. So, I actually want to test this out. So, I actually created an image over in Leonardo here. created an image over in Leonardo here. created an image over in Leonardo here. I use the new Lucid Origin model in I use the new Lucid Origin model in I use the new Lucid Origin model in Leonardo. This is a brand new model. It Leonardo. This is a brand new model. It Leonardo. This is a brand new model. It literally rolled out into Leonardo the literally rolled out into Leonardo the literally rolled out into Leonardo the day that I'm recording this video. And day that I'm recording this video. And day that I'm recording this video. And it's a really, really good model. I'm a it's a really, really good model. I'm a it's a really, really good model. I'm a little biased. I do have equity in little biased. I do have equity in little biased. I do have equity in Leonardo. But this model is brand new. Leonardo. But this model is brand new. Leonardo. But this model is brand new. So, if we're talking news here, well, So, if we're talking news here, well, So, if we're talking news here, well, that's news. Leonardo just released that's news. Leonardo just released that's news. Leonardo just released Lucid Origin. And I created these images Lucid Origin. And I created these images Lucid Origin. And I created these images of a guy pointing a bow and arrow at the of a guy pointing a bow and arrow at the of a guy pointing a bow and arrow at the moon. And I'm going to go ahead and grab moon. And I'm going to go ahead and grab moon. And I'm going to go ahead and grab this one. We'll annotate it with some this one. We'll annotate it with some this one. We'll annotate it with some text and see if Vio does what other text and see if Vio does what other text and see if Vio does what other people have gotten out of it. So, I'm people have gotten out of it. So, I'm people have gotten out of it. So, I'm going to open this up here inside of going to open this up here inside of going to open this up here inside of Photoshop. If I was on Windows right Photoshop. If I was on Windows right Photoshop. If I was on Windows right now, I would probably just open it in now, I would probably just open it in now, I would probably just open it in Microsoft Paint. That would do the Microsoft Paint. That would do the Microsoft Paint. That would do the trick. And let's go ahead and use the trick. And let's go ahead and use the trick. And let's go ahead and use the rectangle tool. And then we'll put some rectangle tool. And then we'll put some rectangle tool. And then we'll put some text inside of the rectangle. And I'll text inside of the rectangle. And I'll text inside of the rectangle. And I'll just make it say one, the arrow is on just make it say one, the arrow is on just make it say one, the arrow is on fire. We'll make the text white so you fire. We'll make the text white so you fire. We'll make the text white so you can actually read it. Let's draw an can actually read it. Let's draw an can actually read it. Let's draw an arrow towards the moon. So, he's like arrow towards the moon. So, he's like arrow towards the moon. So, he's like shooting it at the moon. And then I'll shooting it at the moon. And then I'll shooting it at the moon. And then I'll put up by the moon to the moon. lights put up by the moon to the moon. lights put up by the moon to the moon. lights on fire. I don't know if I actually need on fire. I don't know if I actually need on fire. I don't know if I actually need this square, so I'll remove it. So, this square, so I'll remove it. So, this square, so I'll remove it. So, ideally, the arrow is on fire. The arrow ideally, the arrow is on fire. The arrow ideally, the arrow is on fire. The arrow shoots towards the moon. The moon lights shoots towards the moon. The moon lights shoots towards the moon. The moon lights on fire. Let's see if video can figure on fire. Let's see if video can figure on fire. Let's see if video can figure out what I'm trying to get it to do. I'm out what I'm trying to get it to do. I'm out what I'm trying to get it to do. I'm going to jump into flow here. We'll do going to jump into flow here. We'll do going to jump into flow here. We'll do frames to video. Select the frame we frames to video. Select the frame we frames to video. Select the frame we just created that has the additional just created that has the additional just created that has the additional text on it. And I'm going to give it the text on it. And I'm going to give it the text on it. And I'm going to give it the prompt immediately delete instructions prompt immediately delete instructions prompt immediately delete instructions in white on the first frame and execute in white on the first frame and execute in white on the first frame and execute in order. So, all I'm doing is telling in order. So, all I'm doing is telling in order. So, all I'm doing is telling it to delete the instructions and it to delete the instructions and it to delete the instructions and execute the instructions that it sees. execute the instructions that it sees. execute the instructions that it sees. And that's should do it. Let's see what And that's should do it. Let's see what And that's should do it. Let's see what happens. And well, it didn't quite get happens. And well, it didn't quite get happens. And well, it didn't quite get it right. It did give me four different it right. It did give me four different it right. It did give me four different videos back, but none of them quite did videos back, but none of them quite did videos back, but none of them quite did what I wanted. Here's the first one. Fire just kind of flies around. Here's Fire just kind of flies around. Here's Fire just kind of flies around. Here's the second. the second. the second. I mean, it got the fact that it needed a I mean, it got the fact that it needed a I mean, it got the fact that it needed a flaming arrow. That's good. But it flaming arrow. That's good. But it flaming arrow. That's good. But it didn't light the moon on fire and the didn't light the moon on fire and the didn't light the moon on fire and the flames kind of always came back at the flames kind of always came back at the flames kind of always came back at the guy. guy. guy. But it did delete my instructions and it But it did delete my instructions and it But it did delete my instructions and it did put the the arrow on fire every did put the the arrow on fire every did put the the arrow on fire every single time. Just a fun little trick to single time. Just a fun little trick to single time. Just a fun little trick to play around with in V3. Obviously, I play around with in V3. Obviously, I play around with in V3. Obviously, I didn't nail it on my first try here, but didn't nail it on my first try here, but didn't nail it on my first try here, but you get the idea. You can take an image, you get the idea. You can take an image, you get the idea. You can take an image, add some text to the image, and add some text to the image, and add some text to the image, and theoretically, it's going to follow the theoretically, it's going to follow the theoretically, it's going to follow the instructions that you put in the text on instructions that you put in the text on instructions that you put in the text on the image. If you're a fan of the image. If you're a fan of the image. If you're a fan of MidJourney, they rolled out a feature MidJourney, they rolled out a feature MidJourney, they rolled out a feature where you can add both a starting and where you can add both a starting and where you can add both a starting and ending frame, which is really cool ending frame, which is really cool ending frame, which is really cool because this opens up a couple because this opens up a couple because this opens up a couple possibilities. You can give it a possibilities. You can give it a possibilities. You can give it a starting frame and an ending frame and starting frame and an ending frame and starting frame and an ending frame and watch it animate from one frame to the watch it animate from one frame to the watch it animate from one frame to the end frame. Or you can actually give it end frame. Or you can actually give it end frame. Or you can actually give it the same frame for both the beginning the same frame for both the beginning the same frame for both the beginning and the end of the video, which will and the end of the video, which will and the end of the video, which will make a looping video because it will make a looping video because it will make a looping video because it will always start back at that first frame always start back at that first frame always start back at that first frame because you used it for both the start because you used it for both the start because you used it for both the start and the end. Really, really cool and the end. Really, really cool and the end. Really, really cool feature. So, if I'm in MidJourney and I feature. So, if I'm in MidJourney and I feature. So, if I'm in MidJourney and I come and click on create here, I can come and click on create here, I can come and click on create here, I can click on add images at the top left here click on add images at the top left here click on add images at the top left here and you've got your starting frame. But and you've got your starting frame. But and you've got your starting frame. But if I select a starting frame, it'll also if I select a starting frame, it'll also if I select a starting frame, it'll also let me pick an end frame. And one thing let me pick an end frame. And one thing let me pick an end frame. And one thing I've always wanted to do, and I haven't I've always wanted to do, and I haven't I've always wanted to do, and I haven't gotten any model to do this, is make an gotten any model to do this, is make an gotten any model to do this, is make an image of me morphing into a wolf, like image of me morphing into a wolf, like image of me morphing into a wolf, like I'm a werewolf. So, I created some I'm a werewolf. So, I created some I'm a werewolf. So, I created some images of wolves here. Let's go ahead images of wolves here. Let's go ahead images of wolves here. Let's go ahead and download this one, and we'll use and download this one, and we'll use and download this one, and we'll use this as like an ending frame. I'll click this as like an ending frame. I'll click this as like an ending frame. I'll click add image. We'll pick a starting frame. add image. We'll pick a starting frame. add image. We'll pick a starting frame. I'll just pick an image of myself that I'll just pick an image of myself that I'll just pick an image of myself that I've already uploaded. We'll use this I've already uploaded. We'll use this I've already uploaded. We'll use this headsh shot. And you can see I have an headsh shot. And you can see I have an headsh shot. And you can see I have an ending frame now. So for my ending ending frame now. So for my ending ending frame now. So for my ending frame, I'm going to drag in this wolf frame, I'm going to drag in this wolf frame, I'm going to drag in this wolf image that we just created. So my face image that we just created. So my face image that we just created. So my face wolf image. And then we'll give the wolf image. And then we'll give the wolf image. And then we'll give the prompt a man morphs into a wolf. And prompt a man morphs into a wolf. And prompt a man morphs into a wolf. And let's generate it. Let's see if it can let's generate it. Let's see if it can let's generate it. Let's see if it can actually do that. And well, it generated actually do that. And well, it generated actually do that. And well, it generated four videos, but none of them quite four videos, but none of them quite four videos, but none of them quite worked. They all just sort of make a worked. They all just sort of make a worked. They all just sort of make a wolf head up here over my head. So, I've wolf head up here over my head. So, I've wolf head up here over my head. So, I've still yet to get one of these video still yet to get one of these video still yet to get one of these video generators to make that visual of like a generators to make that visual of like a generators to make that visual of like a man morphing into a wolf that you see in man morphing into a wolf that you see in man morphing into a wolf that you see in like the iconic werewolf movies. I also like the iconic werewolf movies. I also like the iconic werewolf movies. I also generated some images of some airplanes. generated some images of some airplanes. generated some images of some airplanes. The idea being, let's see if we can get The idea being, let's see if we can get The idea being, let's see if we can get an image of an airplane at one airport, an image of an airplane at one airport, an image of an airplane at one airport, an image of an airplane at another an image of an airplane at another an image of an airplane at another airport, and see if it will actually airport, and see if it will actually airport, and see if it will actually connect the dots and make it look like connect the dots and make it look like connect the dots and make it look like it leaves one airport and goes to the it leaves one airport and goes to the it leaves one airport and goes to the other. No idea if this is going to work, other. No idea if this is going to work, other. No idea if this is going to work, but let's see what happens. I kind of but let's see what happens. I kind of but let's see what happens. I kind of like this one here. So, I'll download like this one here. So, I'll download like this one here. So, I'll download this image. And then we'll grab this one this image. And then we'll grab this one this image. And then we'll grab this one here. And I will jump back over to here. And I will jump back over to here. And I will jump back over to midjourney. Add one of the airplanes as midjourney. Add one of the airplanes as midjourney. Add one of the airplanes as our starting frame. Add the other our starting frame. Add the other our starting frame. Add the other airplane as our ending frame. And we'll airplane as our ending frame. And we'll airplane as our ending frame. And we'll give it the prompt, an airplane takes give it the prompt, an airplane takes give it the prompt, an airplane takes off from one airport, flies across the off from one airport, flies across the off from one airport, flies across the country, and lands at another airport. country, and lands at another airport. country, and lands at another airport. Let's do flies across the USA just to be Let's do flies across the USA just to be Let's do flies across the USA just to be a little more clear. And let's see what a little more clear. And let's see what a little more clear. And let's see what happens. I'm not hopeful, but we'll see. happens. I'm not hopeful, but we'll see. happens. I'm not hopeful, but we'll see. Well, I definitely seem to be testing Well, I definitely seem to be testing Well, I definitely seem to be testing the limits of what this is capable of the limits of what this is capable of the limits of what this is capable of because that didn't work at all. You can because that didn't work at all. You can because that didn't work at all. You can see it just sort of like rotated the see it just sort of like rotated the see it just sort of like rotated the plane and it went from one angle to the plane and it went from one angle to the plane and it went from one angle to the plane just sort of flipping around and plane just sort of flipping around and plane just sort of flipping around and the nose being on the other side. I the nose being on the other side. I the nose being on the other side. I mean, I don't know what I expected. It's mean, I don't know what I expected. It's mean, I don't know what I expected. It's only going to generate a 5-second video, only going to generate a 5-second video, only going to generate a 5-second video, but yeah, didn't quite do what I wanted but yeah, didn't quite do what I wanted but yeah, didn't quite do what I wanted it to do, but you get the idea of what it to do, but you get the idea of what it to do, but you get the idea of what this is capable of. You give it a start this is capable of. You give it a start this is capable of. You give it a start image and a ending image, and it's going image and a ending image, and it's going image and a ending image, and it's going to figure out some way to animate to figure out some way to animate to figure out some way to animate between the two. even if the way it between the two. even if the way it between the two. even if the way it animates between the two has like no animates between the two has like no animates between the two has like no logic or real physics behind it. So, for logic or real physics behind it. So, for logic or real physics behind it. So, for the last test, I want to test looping. the last test, I want to test looping. the last test, I want to test looping. So, I generated this image in Leonardo So, I generated this image in Leonardo So, I generated this image in Leonardo of me holding a fire extinguisher. And of me holding a fire extinguisher. And of me holding a fire extinguisher. And let's see if I can make a looping video let's see if I can make a looping video let's see if I can make a looping video of a fire starting, me putting out the of a fire starting, me putting out the of a fire starting, me putting out the fire, a fire starting, me putting out fire, a fire starting, me putting out fire, a fire starting, me putting out the fire, and you know, just infinitely the fire, and you know, just infinitely the fire, and you know, just infinitely loop it. So, we'll add our first image loop it. So, we'll add our first image loop it. So, we'll add our first image here. pull in the image we just created. here. pull in the image we just created. here. pull in the image we just created. And then if I select loop here, you can And then if I select loop here, you can And then if I select loop here, you can see it uses the same image as the see it uses the same image as the see it uses the same image as the starting frame. So we'll say the fire starting frame. So we'll say the fire starting frame. So we'll say the fire should start. I should extinguish the should start. I should extinguish the should start. I should extinguish the fire and then it should kind of loop. fire and then it should kind of loop. fire and then it should kind of loop. Well, theoretically that's what it Well, theoretically that's what it Well, theoretically that's what it should do. So let's go ahead and submit should do. So let's go ahead and submit should do. So let's go ahead and submit it and see what happens with the loop. it and see what happens with the loop. it and see what happens with the loop. And here's the examples of what it And here's the examples of what it And here's the examples of what it generated. I mean, I don't think fire generated. I mean, I don't think fire generated. I mean, I don't think fire extinguishers are supposed to do that. extinguishers are supposed to do that. extinguishers are supposed to do that. It it it's definitely looping, but I It it it's definitely looping, but I It it it's definitely looping, but I don't know if I just suck at midjourney don't know if I just suck at midjourney don't know if I just suck at midjourney video and I'm doing something wrong, but video and I'm doing something wrong, but video and I'm doing something wrong, but I've yet to get anything like insanely I've yet to get anything like insanely I've yet to get anything like insanely impressive out of midjourney video. It's impressive out of midjourney video. It's impressive out of midjourney video. It's cool that you can do this stuff. I just cool that you can do this stuff. I just cool that you can do this stuff. I just I don't know. I think I suck at I don't know. I think I suck at I don't know. I think I suck at prompting MidJourney or something prompting MidJourney or something prompting MidJourney or something because lately I just haven't been super because lately I just haven't been super because lately I just haven't been super impressed with the types of outputs I impressed with the types of outputs I impressed with the types of outputs I get from MidJourney and their video. get from MidJourney and their video. get from MidJourney and their video. Like, why wouldn't it just put a fire Like, why wouldn't it just put a fire Like, why wouldn't it just put a fire and then use the fire extinguisher to and then use the fire extinguisher to and then use the fire extinguisher to put it out? Like, it doesn't understand put it out? Like, it doesn't understand put it out? Like, it doesn't understand the logic behind it a little bit. the logic behind it a little bit. the logic behind it a little bit. Nothing against MidJourney. I just think Nothing against MidJourney. I just think Nothing against MidJourney. I just think I suck at it or something. The company I suck at it or something. The company I suck at it or something. The company Idog released a new feature that allows Idog released a new feature that allows Idog released a new feature that allows you to put any face on any image using you to put any face on any image using you to put any face on any image using just one input image. And I'm pretty just one input image. And I'm pretty just one input image. And I'm pretty sure you can do it completely for free sure you can do it completely for free sure you can do it completely for free at the moment. So, let's go try idoggram at the moment. So, let's go try idoggram at the moment. So, let's go try idoggram character. Upload one photo. Easily character. Upload one photo. Easily character. Upload one photo. Easily place character with magic fill. Works place character with magic fill. Works place character with magic fill. Works perfectly with remix for unique perfectly with remix for unique perfectly with remix for unique compositions. All right, let's try it. compositions. All right, let's try it. compositions. All right, let's try it. So, start by adding your face. I'll go So, start by adding your face. I'll go So, start by adding your face. I'll go ahead and just upload an image since ahead and just upload an image since ahead and just upload an image since I've already got some. They have a bunch I've already got some. They have a bunch I've already got some. They have a bunch of templates where you can just take of templates where you can just take of templates where you can just take your own head shot and put them on your own head shot and put them on your own head shot and put them on images that already exist in here. Like images that already exist in here. Like images that already exist in here. Like I can take this rock guitarist I can take this rock guitarist I can take this rock guitarist illustration here, click generate, and I illustration here, click generate, and I illustration here, click generate, and I get a handful of pictures of me as a get a handful of pictures of me as a get a handful of pictures of me as a rock star. And they all look, you know, rock star. And they all look, you know, rock star. And they all look, you know, pretty decent. Impressive for just pretty decent. Impressive for just pretty decent. Impressive for just having to upload one image. In the past having to upload one image. In the past having to upload one image. In the past with like stable diffusion, you had to with like stable diffusion, you had to with like stable diffusion, you had to upload like at least 20 images for it to upload like at least 20 images for it to upload like at least 20 images for it to learn what you look like. We should be learn what you look like. We should be learn what you look like. We should be able to swap our face into an existing able to swap our face into an existing able to swap our face into an existing image as well. So, for example, I could image as well. So, for example, I could image as well. So, for example, I could take like this image here of this like take like this image here of this like take like this image here of this like famous selfie image of all these people famous selfie image of all these people famous selfie image of all these people at the Oscars. Open this image while at the Oscars. Open this image while at the Oscars. Open this image while leaving my character reference as my leaving my character reference as my leaving my character reference as my face. I can use magic fill here. And face. I can use magic fill here. And face. I can use magic fill here. And then let's replace Bradley Cooper with then let's replace Bradley Cooper with then let's replace Bradley Cooper with my face. So, I'll go ahead and just mask my face. So, I'll go ahead and just mask my face. So, I'll go ahead and just mask out Bradley Cooper's face here, like so. out Bradley Cooper's face here, like so. out Bradley Cooper's face here, like so. Click next. And theoretically, it should Click next. And theoretically, it should Click next. And theoretically, it should replace Bradley Cooper with me. It still replace Bradley Cooper with me. It still replace Bradley Cooper with me. It still wants me to enter a prompt. So, I'll wants me to enter a prompt. So, I'll wants me to enter a prompt. So, I'll just do a group selfie. And let's see just do a group selfie. And let's see just do a group selfie. And let's see what happens. And just like that, I have what happens. And just like that, I have what happens. And just like that, I have a photo. Well, a handful of photos of me a photo. Well, a handful of photos of me a photo. Well, a handful of photos of me inside of this iconic selfie here. So, inside of this iconic selfie here. So, inside of this iconic selfie here. So, yeah, now there's photos on the internet yeah, now there's photos on the internet yeah, now there's photos on the internet of me hanging out with Ellen DeGeneres of me hanging out with Ellen DeGeneres of me hanging out with Ellen DeGeneres and Kevin Spacy. I mean, nothing wrong and Kevin Spacy. I mean, nothing wrong and Kevin Spacy. I mean, nothing wrong with that, right? Here's a few photos of with that, right? Here's a few photos of with that, right? Here's a few photos of me from that time that I was interviewed me from that time that I was interviewed me from that time that I was interviewed by David Letterman. I didn't even change by David Letterman. I didn't even change by David Letterman. I didn't even change the prompt there. It still says a group the prompt there. It still says a group the prompt there. It still says a group selfie and it did the trick. I don't selfie and it did the trick. I don't selfie and it did the trick. I don't even think the text prompt is necessary, even think the text prompt is necessary, even think the text prompt is necessary, but it won't let me submit it without but it won't let me submit it without but it won't let me submit it without one. And here's a photo from that time one. And here's a photo from that time one. And here's a photo from that time where I signed the Declaration of where I signed the Declaration of where I signed the Declaration of Independence with both hands at the same Independence with both hands at the same Independence with both hands at the same time. This idiogram character feature is time. This idiogram character feature is time. This idiogram character feature is really impressive. I mean, again, really impressive. I mean, again, really impressive. I mean, again, considering the fact that we used to considering the fact that we used to considering the fact that we used to have to upload like 20 images and have to upload like 20 images and have to upload like 20 images and attempt over and over and over again to attempt over and over and over again to attempt over and over and over again to get it to like replace a face. And now I get it to like replace a face. And now I get it to like replace a face. And now I can do it with just like uploading an can do it with just like uploading an can do it with just like uploading an image of the face and uploading an image image of the face and uploading an image image of the face and uploading an image that I want the face swapped on. Like that I want the face swapped on. Like that I want the face swapped on. Like this makes it so easy. The company Messi this makes it so easy. The company Messi this makes it so easy. The company Messi rolled out a new version in Meshy 5 rolled out a new version in Meshy 5 rolled out a new version in Meshy 5 which makes smarter, cleaner models. So which makes smarter, cleaner models. So which makes smarter, cleaner models. So if you're not familiar with Meshy, it's if you're not familiar with Meshy, it's if you're not familiar with Meshy, it's a tool where you can either give it a a tool where you can either give it a a tool where you can either give it a prompt or an image. It will actually prompt or an image. It will actually prompt or an image. It will actually create a 3D model of that. If we head on create a 3D model of that. If we head on create a 3D model of that. If we head on over to Meshy.ai, you can see we've got over to Meshy.ai, you can see we've got over to Meshy.ai, you can see we've got all sorts of options like text to 3D, all sorts of options like text to 3D, all sorts of options like text to 3D, image to 3D, AI texturing, and text to image to 3D, AI texturing, and text to image to 3D, AI texturing, and text to image. Let's start with text to 3D for image. Let's start with text to 3D for image. Let's start with text to 3D for our AI model. Let's try the brand new our AI model. Let's try the brand new our AI model. Let's try the brand new Meshy 5 preview and let's see if we can Meshy 5 preview and let's see if we can Meshy 5 preview and let's see if we can get it to generate a pizza with the get it to generate a pizza with the get it to generate a pizza with the works. Let's see how detailed it gets works. Let's see how detailed it gets works. Let's see how detailed it gets with all the little like toppings on the with all the little like toppings on the with all the little like toppings on the pizza. We'll click generate. And it pizza. We'll click generate. And it pizza. We'll click generate. And it actually generated four sort of drafts actually generated four sort of drafts actually generated four sort of drafts for us to choose from. I think the one for us to choose from. I think the one for us to choose from. I think the one down on the bottom left looks like it down on the bottom left looks like it down on the bottom left looks like it has the most detail. So, we'll select has the most detail. So, we'll select has the most detail. So, we'll select that one. And we'll also let it generate that one. And we'll also let it generate that one. And we'll also let it generate a texture which will add, you know, the a texture which will add, you know, the a texture which will add, you know, the color and stuff as well. And let's go color and stuff as well. And let's go color and stuff as well. And let's go ahead and see what it does. And this is ahead and see what it does. And this is ahead and see what it does. And this is actually quite impressive. I mean, it actually quite impressive. I mean, it actually quite impressive. I mean, it generated this 3D graphic of a works generated this 3D graphic of a works generated this 3D graphic of a works pizza. Not quite sure what toppings pizza. Not quite sure what toppings pizza. Not quite sure what toppings those are. I mean, that looks like maybe those are. I mean, that looks like maybe those are. I mean, that looks like maybe sour cream or maybe mozzarella balls or sour cream or maybe mozzarella balls or sour cream or maybe mozzarella balls or something, but come on. If you saw that something, but come on. If you saw that something, but come on. If you saw that in a video game, that looks like a in a video game, that looks like a in a video game, that looks like a pretty dang realistic detailed pizza. pretty dang realistic detailed pizza. pretty dang realistic detailed pizza. I'm impressed with this. I want to try I'm impressed with this. I want to try I'm impressed with this. I want to try the image to 3D. I have this image here the image to 3D. I have this image here the image to 3D. I have this image here from Rick and Morty with a lot of from Rick and Morty with a lot of from Rick and Morty with a lot of details. It's like the inside of a details. It's like the inside of a details. It's like the inside of a restaurant kind of thing. I have a restaurant kind of thing. I have a restaurant kind of thing. I have a feeling it's going to struggle to make feeling it's going to struggle to make feeling it's going to struggle to make this in 3D, but I kind of want to test this in 3D, but I kind of want to test this in 3D, but I kind of want to test the limits. So, let's see what happens. the limits. So, let's see what happens. the limits. So, let's see what happens. I'll drag this image over here. Blips I'll drag this image over here. Blips I'll drag this image over here. Blips and chits arcade AI model mesh 5. Let's and chits arcade AI model mesh 5. Let's and chits arcade AI model mesh 5. Let's just go ahead and generate it. See what just go ahead and generate it. See what just go ahead and generate it. See what happens. And this is what it generated. happens. And this is what it generated. happens. And this is what it generated. This bottom right one actually doesn't This bottom right one actually doesn't This bottom right one actually doesn't look horrible. Let's Let's try it. look horrible. Let's Let's try it. look horrible. Let's Let's try it. Somehow it did a heck of a lot better Somehow it did a heck of a lot better Somehow it did a heck of a lot better than I was expecting it to. I mean, it than I was expecting it to. I mean, it than I was expecting it to. I mean, it it's not amazing, but it did map out it's not amazing, but it did map out it's not amazing, but it did map out like this model of the inside of this like this model of the inside of this like this model of the inside of this place, and it doesn't look absolutely place, and it doesn't look absolutely place, and it doesn't look absolutely horrible. I I mean, you're not going to horrible. I I mean, you're not going to horrible. I I mean, you're not going to use this in a game. It's not quite ready use this in a game. It's not quite ready use this in a game. It's not quite ready for that, but really not bad at all for for that, but really not bad at all for for that, but really not bad at all for the source material I gave it. One last the source material I gave it. One last the source material I gave it. One last thing I want to try. I want to see if it thing I want to try. I want to see if it thing I want to try. I want to see if it will do the actual Rick and Morty will do the actual Rick and Morty will do the actual Rick and Morty spaceship. So, I've got this spaceship spaceship. So, I've got this spaceship spaceship. So, I've got this spaceship here. That'd be really cool to get a 3D here. That'd be really cool to get a 3D here. That'd be really cool to get a 3D model of the spaceship. Maybe even try model of the spaceship. Maybe even try model of the spaceship. Maybe even try 3D printing it or something in a future 3D printing it or something in a future 3D printing it or something in a future video. So, let's go ahead and use that. video. So, let's go ahead and use that. video. So, let's go ahead and use that. See what it does for us. And this is See what it does for us. And this is See what it does for us. And this is what it generated. I mean, it's not what it generated. I mean, it's not what it generated. I mean, it's not amazing. Definitely has some issues, amazing. Definitely has some issues, amazing. Definitely has some issues, especially when you look underneath. You especially when you look underneath. You especially when you look underneath. You can kind of see through it a little bit, can kind of see through it a little bit, can kind of see through it a little bit, but not horrible. I mean, Meshy 5 is but not horrible. I mean, Meshy 5 is but not horrible. I mean, Meshy 5 is actually fairly impressive. I think my actually fairly impressive. I think my actually fairly impressive. I think my pizza model was probably the best model pizza model was probably the best model pizza model was probably the best model generation. I'm super shocked that it generation. I'm super shocked that it generation. I'm super shocked that it managed to do as well as it did on this managed to do as well as it did on this managed to do as well as it did on this thing. And we have a Rick Morty thing. And we have a Rick Morty thing. And we have a Rick Morty spaceship. Like if I was to 3D print spaceship. Like if I was to 3D print spaceship. Like if I was to 3D print this and paint it myself, I could this and paint it myself, I could this and paint it myself, I could probably make it look pretty dang close. probably make it look pretty dang close. probably make it look pretty dang close. We got a new model this week out of We got a new model this week out of We got a new model this week out of 10-centent Hunion. It's actually an 10-centent Hunion. It's actually an 10-centent Hunion. It's actually an open-source model called Hunan 3D world open-source model called Hunan 3D world open-source model called Hunan 3D world model. And it's a model where you can model. And it's a model where you can model. And it's a model where you can give it a text prompt or an image give it a text prompt or an image give it a text prompt or an image prompt, and it will actually create a prompt, and it will actually create a prompt, and it will actually create a world that supposedly you can explore world that supposedly you can explore world that supposedly you can explore within that world. And you can try it within that world. And you can try it within that world. And you can try it over at this Hanan page here. We'll make over at this Hanan page here. We'll make over at this Hanan page here. We'll make sure the links are in the description. sure the links are in the description. sure the links are in the description. So once you log into the 10-centent So once you log into the 10-centent So once you log into the 10-centent website, they have the 3D world model up website, they have the 3D world model up website, they have the 3D world model up at the top and we've got a couple at the top and we've got a couple at the top and we've got a couple options. So it puts us in a world like options. So it puts us in a world like options. So it puts us in a world like right away from the beginning. I don't right away from the beginning. I don't right away from the beginning. I don't know how to move around in it. I can know how to move around in it. I can know how to move around in it. I can like zoom in and out. Okay, so this is like zoom in and out. Okay, so this is like zoom in and out. Okay, so this is 360 and then we have a roaming scene. If 360 and then we have a roaming scene. If 360 and then we have a roaming scene. If I select this one, I'm guessing I can I select this one, I'm guessing I can I select this one, I'm guessing I can move around in it. Okay, so it created move around in it. Okay, so it created move around in it. Okay, so it created this scene and this one I can actually this scene and this one I can actually this scene and this one I can actually like move forward using the WD keys. I like move forward using the WD keys. I like move forward using the WD keys. I can't move very far. You can see how can't move very far. You can see how can't move very far. You can see how it's got that blue outline on the it's got that blue outline on the it's got that blue outline on the screen. That means it's as far back as I screen. That means it's as far back as I screen. That means it's as far back as I can move. And when I move forward, I get can move. And when I move forward, I get can move. And when I move forward, I get to that blue outline. And that's as far to that blue outline. And that's as far to that blue outline. And that's as far forward as I can move. So, you don't forward as I can move. So, you don't forward as I can move. So, you don't have a lot of movement in this. Let's go have a lot of movement in this. Let's go have a lot of movement in this. Let's go ahead and try a text prompt down here. ahead and try a text prompt down here. ahead and try a text prompt down here. And let's go. The city of San Diego in And let's go. The city of San Diego in And let's go. The city of San Diego in the year 2500. And let's generate that the year 2500. And let's generate that the year 2500. And let's generate that to see what it does. And well, to see what it does. And well, to see what it does. And well, apparently I can't test it any further apparently I can't test it any further apparently I can't test it any further other than the pre-existing scenes. As other than the pre-existing scenes. As other than the pre-existing scenes. As soon as I try to enter my own prompt, it soon as I try to enter my own prompt, it soon as I try to enter my own prompt, it tells me to get on the waiting list. tells me to get on the waiting list. tells me to get on the waiting list. Looks pretty cool. I wish you can Looks pretty cool. I wish you can Looks pretty cool. I wish you can explore a little bit deeper, but you can explore a little bit deeper, but you can explore a little bit deeper, but you can only move a little bit in it. Something only move a little bit in it. Something only move a little bit in it. Something that'll be fun to play around with, I that'll be fun to play around with, I that'll be fun to play around with, I guess, once I get off the waiting list. guess, once I get off the waiting list. guess, once I get off the waiting list. We got a somewhat minor update out of We got a somewhat minor update out of We got a somewhat minor update out of OpenAI and chat GPT this week. They OpenAI and chat GPT this week. They OpenAI and chat GPT this week. They introduced study mode. And this is a introduced study mode. And this is a introduced study mode. And this is a mode that's designed to not necessarily mode that's designed to not necessarily mode that's designed to not necessarily give you the answer when you give it a give you the answer when you give it a give you the answer when you give it a problem like a math problem or something problem like a math problem or something problem like a math problem or something like that, but instead actually help you like that, but instead actually help you like that, but instead actually help you get to the answer and like work you get to the answer and like work you get to the answer and like work you through the problem. So, if I go to my through the problem. So, if I go to my through the problem. So, if I go to my chat GPT account here and I click on chat GPT account here and I click on chat GPT account here and I click on tools, you see there's an option for tools, you see there's an option for tools, you see there's an option for study and learn now and it's designed study and learn now and it's designed study and learn now and it's designed for homework help. Break down complex for homework help. Break down complex for homework help. Break down complex problems with approachable guided problems with approachable guided problems with approachable guided explanations, prep for tests, explore explanations, prep for tests, explore explanations, prep for tests, explore new subjects. So, let's go ahead and try new subjects. So, let's go ahead and try new subjects. So, let's go ahead and try it now. So, here's a random math problem it now. So, here's a random math problem it now. So, here's a random math problem that's like a 12th grade math problem that's like a 12th grade math problem that's like a 12th grade math problem that I just did a quick look up on. A that I just did a quick look up on. A that I just did a quick look up on. A ball thrown upward from the top of a ball thrown upward from the top of a ball thrown upward from the top of a 50ft building with initial velocity of 50ft building with initial velocity of 50ft building with initial velocity of 64 ft per second. The height of the ball 64 ft per second. The height of the ball 64 ft per second. The height of the ball above the ground after t seconds is above the ground after t seconds is above the ground after t seconds is given by this equation here. How long given by this equation here. How long given by this equation here. How long will it take for the ball to reach will it take for the ball to reach will it take for the ball to reach maximum height? What is the maximum maximum height? What is the maximum maximum height? What is the maximum height the ball reaches? When will the height the ball reaches? When will the height the ball reaches? When will the ball hit the ground? If I submit this, ball hit the ground? If I submit this, ball hit the ground? If I submit this, theoretically, it won't give me the theoretically, it won't give me the theoretically, it won't give me the answer. All right, so great. Let's break answer. All right, so great. Let's break answer. All right, so great. Let's break down step by step. You already have the down step by step. You already have the down step by step. You already have the height function. This is a quadratic height function. This is a quadratic height function. This is a quadratic equation which models the height of the equation which models the height of the equation which models the height of the ball over time. It explains it here. ball over time. It explains it here. ball over time. It explains it here. Question one. the time at which a Question one. the time at which a Question one. the time at which a parabola reaches its vertex, its highest parabola reaches its vertex, its highest parabola reaches its vertex, its highest point when it opens downward, like this point when it opens downward, like this point when it opens downward, like this one, is given by this formula. Want to one, is given by this formula. Want to one, is given by this formula. Want to try plugging in the value of a and b and try plugging in the value of a and b and try plugging in the value of a and b and tell me what you get for t. So, you can tell me what you get for t. So, you can tell me what you get for t. So, you can see it didn't just give me the answers see it didn't just give me the answers see it didn't just give me the answers to the questions. It's trying to help me to the questions. It's trying to help me to the questions. It's trying to help me walk through them. walk through them. walk through them. [Music] [Music] [Music] Now, I don't feel like doing math in Now, I don't feel like doing math in Now, I don't feel like doing math in this video right now, but I wanted to this video right now, but I wanted to this video right now, but I wanted to give you a quick demo of what this was give you a quick demo of what this was give you a quick demo of what this was designed for. And in my final demo, designed for. And in my final demo, designed for. And in my final demo, there's some cool new features in there's some cool new features in there's some cool new features in Photoshop this week. They rolled out a Photoshop this week. They rolled out a Photoshop this week. They rolled out a new generative upscale feature where you new generative upscale feature where you new generative upscale feature where you can greatly upscale images that are can greatly upscale images that are can greatly upscale images that are lower resolution. They added this new lower resolution. They added this new lower resolution. They added this new harmonize feature where you can take two harmonize feature where you can take two harmonize feature where you can take two images that are like completely images that are like completely images that are like completely different lighting, composite them different lighting, composite them different lighting, composite them together, and it will try to match the together, and it will try to match the together, and it will try to match the style up. And they have some other style up. And they have some other style up. And they have some other features that rolled out like an features that rolled out like an features that rolled out like an improved remove tool. Now, in order to improved remove tool. Now, in order to improved remove tool. Now, in order to use these new features, you need to be use these new features, you need to be use these new features, you need to be using the Photoshop beta version. So, if using the Photoshop beta version. So, if using the Photoshop beta version. So, if you have Creative Cloud, make sure you have Creative Cloud, make sure you have Creative Cloud, make sure you're using Photoshop Beta and not the you're using Photoshop Beta and not the you're using Photoshop Beta and not the standard Photoshop. Make sure you click standard Photoshop. Make sure you click standard Photoshop. Make sure you click into beta. So, I've got this image that into beta. So, I've got this image that into beta. So, I've got this image that I found online of a guy at the beach. I found online of a guy at the beach. I found online of a guy at the beach. And this is at 100%. So, it can use some And this is at 100%. So, it can use some And this is at 100%. So, it can use some upscaling. So, if I come up to image up upscaling. So, if I come up to image up upscaling. So, if I come up to image up here and come down, you see generative here and come down, you see generative here and come down, you see generative upscale. Let's go ahead and select this. upscale. Let's go ahead and select this. upscale. Let's go ahead and select this. And let's upscale it by 3x. I'll click And let's upscale it by 3x. I'll click And let's upscale it by 3x. I'll click upscale here. And now we have a much upscale here. And now we have a much upscale here. And now we have a much larger, more upscaled version of this larger, more upscaled version of this larger, more upscaled version of this image. Now, I want to take this man and image. Now, I want to take this man and image. Now, I want to take this man and I want to put him in Time Square in this I want to put him in Time Square in this I want to put him in Time Square in this photo. And as you can see, this is photo. And as you can see, this is photo. And as you can see, this is nighttime with like a purple hue behind nighttime with like a purple hue behind nighttime with like a purple hue behind it. And so, this guy's not going to look it. And so, this guy's not going to look it. And so, this guy's not going to look very great in that image. So, let's very great in that image. So, let's very great in that image. So, let's start by removing the background. Now, start by removing the background. Now, start by removing the background. Now, we've got the background removed. So, we've got the background removed. So, we've got the background removed. So, I'm just going to go ahead and command A I'm just going to go ahead and command A I'm just going to go ahead and command A to select everything. Command C. And to select everything. Command C. And to select everything. Command C. And let's paste him into Time Square here. let's paste him into Time Square here. let's paste him into Time Square here. Let's put him down in this quarter right Let's put him down in this quarter right Let's put him down in this quarter right here. Like, this man's very excited to here. Like, this man's very excited to here. Like, this man's very excited to be in Time Square. And you can see a new be in Time Square. And you can see a new be in Time Square. And you can see a new button down here called harmonize popped button down here called harmonize popped button down here called harmonize popped up. If I click this, it should make it up. If I click this, it should make it up. If I click this, it should make it look like he fits into this scene and look like he fits into this scene and look like he fits into this scene and the lighting matches up and everything. the lighting matches up and everything. the lighting matches up and everything. Let's see how it does. And now it looks Let's see how it does. And now it looks Let's see how it does. And now it looks like it's nighttime and all of these like it's nighttime and all of these like it's nighttime and all of these lights are casting a red glow on him and lights are casting a red glow on him and lights are casting a red glow on him and it looks like he took this photo in Time it looks like he took this photo in Time it looks like he took this photo in Time Square. It also gave us a few other Square. It also gave us a few other Square. It also gave us a few other variations to see if we like one better variations to see if we like one better variations to see if we like one better over here. I think this one's probably over here. I think this one's probably over here. I think this one's probably the most natural looking, but that's the most natural looking, but that's the most natural looking, but that's what the harmonize feature does. You can what the harmonize feature does. You can what the harmonize feature does. You can take two separate images that don't look take two separate images that don't look take two separate images that don't look like they should go together and then like they should go together and then like they should go together and then tie them all together into one image and tie them all together into one image and tie them all together into one image and it'll adjust the colors and lightings to it'll adjust the colors and lightings to it'll adjust the colors and lightings to make them work. So, that's some of the make them work. So, that's some of the make them work. So, that's some of the new features that Adobe just rolled out. new features that Adobe just rolled out. new features that Adobe just rolled out. So, we had a lot of cool demoable So, we had a lot of cool demoable So, we had a lot of cool demoable products this week that came out that products this week that came out that products this week that came out that were really fun to test. But, that's not were really fun to test. But, that's not were really fun to test. But, that's not the only news that came out. There's a the only news that came out. There's a the only news that came out. There's a handful of other things that happened handful of other things that happened handful of other things that happened this week that I think you might be this week that I think you might be this week that I think you might be interested in, but I don't want to go interested in, but I don't want to go interested in, but I don't want to go too deep into them. So, let's do a quick too deep into them. So, let's do a quick too deep into them. So, let's do a quick rapid fire section. Pew. rapid fire section. Pew. rapid fire section. Pew. Starting with the fact that Google Starting with the fact that Google Starting with the fact that Google rolled out their AI mode in the UK. So, rolled out their AI mode in the UK. So, rolled out their AI mode in the UK. So, this has been a feature inside of Google this has been a feature inside of Google this has been a feature inside of Google Search for several weeks, if not months Search for several weeks, if not months Search for several weeks, if not months now in the US, and now you have it now in the US, and now you have it now in the US, and now you have it available to you in the UK, including available to you in the UK, including available to you in the UK, including multimodality mode where you can multimodality mode where you can multimodality mode where you can actually take pictures and ask questions actually take pictures and ask questions actually take pictures and ask questions about what the pictures are seeing and about what the pictures are seeing and about what the pictures are seeing and cool stuff like that. So, now available cool stuff like that. So, now available cool stuff like that. So, now available in the UK. Notebook LM is rolling out a in the UK. Notebook LM is rolling out a in the UK. Notebook LM is rolling out a video overviews feature. So, I don't video overviews feature. So, I don't video overviews feature. So, I don't know if you remember, but in a previous know if you remember, but in a previous know if you remember, but in a previous video, we played around with Notebook video, we played around with Notebook video, we played around with Notebook LM, and I had it make a podcast about LM, and I had it make a podcast about LM, and I had it make a podcast about how birds aren't real. Well, now I can how birds aren't real. Well, now I can how birds aren't real. Well, now I can do a podcast about how birds aren't do a podcast about how birds aren't do a podcast about how birds aren't real, and it will actually accompany it real, and it will actually accompany it real, and it will actually accompany it with like a slideshow. We can see in with like a slideshow. We can see in with like a slideshow. We can see in their demo video, it uses Google Vids, I their demo video, it uses Google Vids, I their demo video, it uses Google Vids, I believe, to actually create these slides believe, to actually create these slides believe, to actually create these slides about what's being talked about in the about what's being talked about in the about what's being talked about in the audio of the notebook LM that you just audio of the notebook LM that you just audio of the notebook LM that you just generated. Now, if you look at this generated. Now, if you look at this generated. Now, if you look at this article from Google, it says video article from Google, it says video article from Google, it says video overviews are now rolling out to all overviews are now rolling out to all overviews are now rolling out to all users in English. However, when I log users in English. However, when I log users in English. However, when I log into my own Notebook LM account, I'm not into my own Notebook LM account, I'm not into my own Notebook LM account, I'm not seeing those features yet. So, they must seeing those features yet. So, they must seeing those features yet. So, they must not be fully rolled out as of the time not be fully rolled out as of the time not be fully rolled out as of the time of this recording. If you like to use of this recording. If you like to use of this recording. If you like to use Microsoft's Edge browser, they now have Microsoft's Edge browser, they now have Microsoft's Edge browser, they now have a co-pilot mode inside of Edge, which a co-pilot mode inside of Edge, which a co-pilot mode inside of Edge, which seems to add some more like agentic seems to add some more like agentic seems to add some more like agentic features into your browser. You know, features into your browser. You know, features into your browser. You know, we've seen the Comet browser for we've seen the Comet browser for we've seen the Comet browser for Perplexity. We've seen the Dia browser. Perplexity. We've seen the Dia browser. Perplexity. We've seen the Dia browser. You know, we've seen that OpenAI is You know, we've seen that OpenAI is You know, we've seen that OpenAI is going to be rolling out their own going to be rolling out their own going to be rolling out their own browser soon that's designed for more browser soon that's designed for more browser soon that's designed for more like agentic tasks. Well, it seems like like agentic tasks. Well, it seems like like agentic tasks. Well, it seems like Edge from Microsoft is doing a lot of Edge from Microsoft is doing a lot of Edge from Microsoft is doing a lot of similar things where you can get it to similar things where you can get it to similar things where you can get it to kind of take actions in the browser on kind of take actions in the browser on kind of take actions in the browser on your behalf. I personally haven't tested your behalf. I personally haven't tested your behalf. I personally haven't tested this one yet, but it sounds like most this one yet, but it sounds like most this one yet, but it sounds like most browsers are probably going to have that browsers are probably going to have that browsers are probably going to have that functionality pretty soon. This week, functionality pretty soon. This week, functionality pretty soon. This week, Amazon invested in a company called Amazon invested in a company called Amazon invested in a company called Fable, which is trying to be the Netflix Fable, which is trying to be the Netflix Fable, which is trying to be the Netflix of AI. And I'm not that interested in of AI. And I'm not that interested in of AI. And I'm not that interested in the fact that Amazon invested in them. the fact that Amazon invested in them. the fact that Amazon invested in them. I'm more interested in the actual I'm more interested in the actual I'm more interested in the actual technology here. It's basically like a technology here. It's basically like a technology here. It's basically like a Netflix where you can tell it the sort Netflix where you can tell it the sort Netflix where you can tell it the sort of show concept that you want and it of show concept that you want and it of show concept that you want and it will generate episodes of that show. And will generate episodes of that show. And will generate episodes of that show. And it's not like, you know, 8second video it's not like, you know, 8second video it's not like, you know, 8second video clips. It will generate full 20 30 clips. It will generate full 20 30 clips. It will generate full 20 30 minute episodes of these shows. Now, it minute episodes of these shows. Now, it minute episodes of these shows. Now, it doesn't appear that the early version of doesn't appear that the early version of doesn't appear that the early version of this, you can generate your own shows. this, you can generate your own shows. this, you can generate your own shows. It kind of has some generated shows that It kind of has some generated shows that It kind of has some generated shows that they created as like a proof of concept, they created as like a proof of concept, they created as like a proof of concept, but in the future, they want you to be but in the future, they want you to be but in the future, they want you to be able to go in and, you know, prompt an able to go in and, you know, prompt an able to go in and, you know, prompt an idea for a show and it generate that idea for a show and it generate that idea for a show and it generate that cartoon version of the show. It's cartoon version of the show. It's cartoon version of the show. It's nothing realistic. Everything looks to nothing realistic. Everything looks to nothing realistic. Everything looks to be very cartoony, but that's the idea be very cartoony, but that's the idea be very cartoony, but that's the idea behind it. And from the sounds of it, behind it. And from the sounds of it, behind it. And from the sounds of it, this company wants to actually try to this company wants to actually try to this company wants to actually try to license IP from companies like Disney license IP from companies like Disney license IP from companies like Disney and Universal and places like that. So and Universal and places like that. So and Universal and places like that. So you could go in and say generate a 30 you could go in and say generate a 30 you could go in and say generate a 30 minute episode about something that minute episode about something that minute episode about something that happened in the world of Toy Story and happened in the world of Toy Story and happened in the world of Toy Story and it will generate those because they've it will generate those because they've it will generate those because they've got the licensing, they've got the sort got the licensing, they've got the sort got the licensing, they've got the sort of data trained in on those shows and it of data trained in on those shows and it of data trained in on those shows and it can make a similar episode. And you can make a similar episode. And you can make a similar episode. And you know, I think it could make a new genre know, I think it could make a new genre know, I think it could make a new genre of show that people like to watch. It's of show that people like to watch. It's of show that people like to watch. It's not something that super excites me. not something that super excites me. not something that super excites me. Like I think the concept is really Like I think the concept is really Like I think the concept is really interesting and I think it's really interesting and I think it's really interesting and I think it's really powerful that we can do this. But I powerful that we can do this. But I powerful that we can do this. But I don't really see myself watching like AI don't really see myself watching like AI don't really see myself watching like AI generated cartoons yet. I think humans generated cartoons yet. I think humans generated cartoons yet. I think humans are still way better storytellers. But are still way better storytellers. But are still way better storytellers. But we'll see how it plays out cuz that will we'll see how it plays out cuz that will we'll see how it plays out cuz that will probably change very very quickly and probably change very very quickly and probably change very very quickly and get to a point where AI is also very get to a point where AI is also very get to a point where AI is also very very good at telling stories that people very good at telling stories that people very good at telling stories that people want to watch. I think it's only a want to watch. I think it's only a want to watch. I think it's only a matter of time honestly. This week matter of time honestly. This week matter of time honestly. This week Higsfield AI had a pretty big Higsfield AI had a pretty big Higsfield AI had a pretty big announcement as well. They're making the announcement as well. They're making the announcement as well. They're making the AI video model Halo free for everyone. AI video model Halo free for everyone. AI video model Halo free for everyone. It says we're giving Miniax Halo to It says we're giving Miniax Halo to It says we're giving Miniax Halo to everyone with unlimited free everyone with unlimited free everyone with unlimited free generations. So Halo AI is one of the generations. So Halo AI is one of the generations. So Halo AI is one of the better AI video models. If you watched better AI video models. If you watched better AI video models. If you watched my video a couple weeks ago where I was my video a couple weeks ago where I was my video a couple weeks ago where I was demoing how to use VO3 and anytime I demoing how to use VO3 and anytime I demoing how to use VO3 and anytime I couldn't get a prompt to work in VO3, I couldn't get a prompt to work in VO3, I couldn't get a prompt to work in VO3, I went and did it in Halo. Well, Halo went and did it in Halo. Well, Halo went and did it in Halo. Well, Halo generates like everything. It doesn't generates like everything. It doesn't generates like everything. It doesn't generate sound, but it's pretty much generate sound, but it's pretty much generate sound, but it's pretty much uncensored and any concept you want it uncensored and any concept you want it uncensored and any concept you want it will generate. So really cool to see will generate. So really cool to see will generate. So really cool to see that Higsfield is making that technology that Higsfield is making that technology that Higsfield is making that technology available for free for anybody. Now when available for free for anybody. Now when available for free for anybody. Now when I go to the website, it does say one I go to the website, it does say one I go to the website, it does say one week only. So I'm a little unclear. I week only. So I'm a little unclear. I week only. So I'm a little unclear. I guess you get unlimited Halo for free guess you get unlimited Halo for free guess you get unlimited Halo for free for one week and then you've got to be for one week and then you've got to be for one week and then you've got to be on one of their paid plans. When I look on one of their paid plans. When I look on one of their paid plans. When I look at their pricing here under the free at their pricing here under the free at their pricing here under the free plan, it shows five credits per day. And plan, it shows five credits per day. And plan, it shows five credits per day. And when I scroll down to video under the when I scroll down to video under the when I scroll down to video under the free plan, it says up to one Higsfield free plan, it says up to one Higsfield free plan, it says up to one Higsfield generation per day on the free plan. So, generation per day on the free plan. So, generation per day on the free plan. So, I don't know if this continues after one I don't know if this continues after one I don't know if this continues after one week. I'm guessing that this week only week. I'm guessing that this week only week. I'm guessing that this week only you can use Halo for free. Cursor rolled you can use Halo for free. Cursor rolled you can use Halo for free. Cursor rolled out a new feature in their bug bot. It's out a new feature in their bug bot. It's out a new feature in their bug bot. It's a code review agent that automatically a code review agent that automatically a code review agent that automatically analyzes your changes to find logic analyzes your changes to find logic analyzes your changes to find logic bugs, edge cases, and security issues bugs, edge cases, and security issues bugs, edge cases, and security issues before they make it into production. I before they make it into production. I before they make it into production. I haven't tested this yet, but it seems to haven't tested this yet, but it seems to haven't tested this yet, but it seems to be a pretty decent upgrade for cursor be a pretty decent upgrade for cursor be a pretty decent upgrade for cursor to, you know, go and help you find bugs to, you know, go and help you find bugs to, you know, go and help you find bugs in your code. I thought this story was in your code. I thought this story was in your code. I thought this story was really funny. OpenAI's chat GPT agent really funny. OpenAI's chat GPT agent really funny. OpenAI's chat GPT agent casually clicks through the I am not a casually clicks through the I am not a casually clicks through the I am not a robot verification test. So we can see robot verification test. So we can see robot verification test. So we can see in this screenshot here that you can in this screenshot here that you can in this screenshot here that you can tell the agent to go and do something tell the agent to go and do something tell the agent to go and do something and if it runs into one of these and if it runs into one of these and if it runs into one of these verification things that you have to verification things that you have to verification things that you have to click the button to confirm you're not a click the button to confirm you're not a click the button to confirm you're not a robot, well AI will actually click that robot, well AI will actually click that robot, well AI will actually click that button for you to confirm that it's not button for you to confirm that it's not button for you to confirm that it's not a robot. And I just thought that was a robot. And I just thought that was a robot. And I just thought that was hilarious. And finally, let's end on hilarious. And finally, let's end on hilarious. And finally, let's end on some robots cuz I love robots. Who some robots cuz I love robots. Who some robots cuz I love robots. Who doesn't love robots? Here's a video from doesn't love robots? Here's a video from doesn't love robots? Here's a video from Brett Adcock, who is the founder of Brett Adcock, who is the founder of Brett Adcock, who is the founder of Figure Robotics. And he's using the Figure Robotics. And he's using the Figure Robotics. And he's using the Helix robot to actually do his laundry. Helix robot to actually do his laundry. Helix robot to actually do his laundry. And I think this is something that like And I think this is something that like And I think this is something that like most people could get behind. Like I most people could get behind. Like I most people could get behind. Like I think a lot of people would really think a lot of people would really think a lot of people would really appreciate a robot that does your appreciate a robot that does your appreciate a robot that does your laundry for you. Now, show me this robot laundry for you. Now, show me this robot laundry for you. Now, show me this robot actually folding the laundry after you actually folding the laundry after you actually folding the laundry after you pull it out of the dryer, and then I'll pull it out of the dryer, and then I'll pull it out of the dryer, and then I'll be really impressed. I think uh you know be really impressed. I think uh you know be really impressed. I think uh you know the mechanics of just taking the clothes the mechanics of just taking the clothes the mechanics of just taking the clothes and putting them into the washer or and putting them into the washer or and putting them into the washer or dryer is not really the biggest pain dryer is not really the biggest pain dryer is not really the biggest pain point that people have. It's usually point that people have. It's usually point that people have. It's usually getting them out of the dryer, hanging getting them out of the dryer, hanging getting them out of the dryer, hanging up the stuff that you don't want to up the stuff that you don't want to up the stuff that you don't want to shrink, and then folding the clothes shrink, and then folding the clothes shrink, and then folding the clothes that came out of the dryer and all of that came out of the dryer and all of that came out of the dryer and all of that. The moving it from the laundry that. The moving it from the laundry that. The moving it from the laundry basket to the actual washing machine, I basket to the actual washing machine, I basket to the actual washing machine, I don't think is the thing most people are don't think is the thing most people are don't think is the thing most people are excited about. We want these things to excited about. We want these things to excited about. We want these things to actually like pull it out of the dryer actually like pull it out of the dryer actually like pull it out of the dryer and fold it for us. But what we're and fold it for us. But what we're and fold it for us. But what we're seeing here is one step closer to that seeing here is one step closer to that seeing here is one step closer to that dream. And then finally, if you want dream. And then finally, if you want dream. And then finally, if you want your own robot in your house, check out your own robot in your house, check out your own robot in your house, check out the Unitry R1 robot, this is a robot the Unitry R1 robot, this is a robot the Unitry R1 robot, this is a robot that's going to sell for 5,900 bucks. that's going to sell for 5,900 bucks. that's going to sell for 5,900 bucks. Now, I know that's a big number still, Now, I know that's a big number still, Now, I know that's a big number still, but for a robot that's a humanoid robot but for a robot that's a humanoid robot but for a robot that's a humanoid robot that can do some of the stuff this robot that can do some of the stuff this robot that can do some of the stuff this robot can do, six grand seems kind of cheap. can do, six grand seems kind of cheap. can do, six grand seems kind of cheap. We can see here that this robot's We can see here that this robot's We can see here that this robot's capable of doing cartwheels. More capable of doing cartwheels. More capable of doing cartwheels. More cartwheels. Yep, more cartwheels. cartwheels. Yep, more cartwheels. cartwheels. Yep, more cartwheels. handstands cuz you know we need robots handstands cuz you know we need robots handstands cuz you know we need robots to do handstands. And honestly, I mean, to do handstands. And honestly, I mean, to do handstands. And honestly, I mean, it's pretty cool. But at the moment, I it's pretty cool. But at the moment, I it's pretty cool. But at the moment, I feel like this is sort of more of like a feel like this is sort of more of like a feel like this is sort of more of like a novelty. Like, it's not going to do my novelty. Like, it's not going to do my novelty. Like, it's not going to do my laundry for me. It's not going to do my laundry for me. It's not going to do my laundry for me. It's not going to do my dishes for me. It's not going to vacuum dishes for me. It's not going to vacuum dishes for me. It's not going to vacuum for me. It's not going to do a whole lot for me. It's not going to do a whole lot for me. It's not going to do a whole lot for me other than just kind of look cool for me other than just kind of look cool for me other than just kind of look cool and I can show people like, look, it can and I can show people like, look, it can and I can show people like, look, it can karate kick. And I mean, look at the karate kick. And I mean, look at the karate kick. And I mean, look at the shapes of those hands. Why did they make shapes of those hands. Why did they make shapes of those hands. Why did they make the hands in that shape? I'm wondering the hands in that shape? I'm wondering the hands in that shape? I'm wondering what kind of adapters they might make what kind of adapters they might make what kind of adapters they might make for those. I'm not going to go there. for those. I'm not going to go there. for those. I'm not going to go there. Anyway, that's what I got for you today. Anyway, that's what I got for you today. Anyway, that's what I got for you today. A lot of cool demos this week, a lot of A lot of cool demos this week, a lot of A lot of cool demos this week, a lot of news. Every week there's a lot of fun news. Every week there's a lot of fun news. Every week there's a lot of fun stuff to talk about. This week was stuff to talk about. This week was stuff to talk about. This week was exceptionally fun because there was a exceptionally fun because there was a exceptionally fun because there was a lot of cool tools to demo. So hopefully lot of cool tools to demo. So hopefully lot of cool tools to demo. So hopefully you feel more looped in. My goal with you feel more looped in. My goal with you feel more looped in. My goal with these videos is to show you what we can these videos is to show you what we can these videos is to show you what we can do this week that we couldn't do last do this week that we couldn't do last do this week that we couldn't do last week and to kind of share the week and to kind of share the week and to kind of share the implications of what's coming out in the implications of what's coming out in the implications of what's coming out in the AI world. So if you like stuff like that AI world. So if you like stuff like that AI world. So if you like stuff like that and you want to see more of it, make and you want to see more of it, make and you want to see more of it, make sure you like this video and subscribe sure you like this video and subscribe sure you like this video and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure that to this channel. I'll make sure that to this channel. I'll make sure that more stuff like this shows up in your more stuff like this shows up in your more stuff like this shows up in your YouTube feed and you always feel looped YouTube feed and you always feel looped YouTube feed and you always feel looped in on the latest cool stuff that you can in on the latest cool stuff that you can in on the latest cool stuff that you can do with AI. Thanks again for tuning in. do with AI. Thanks again for tuning in. do with AI. Thanks again for tuning in. Thanks again for nerding out with me and Thanks again for nerding out with me and Thanks again for nerding out with me and hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you.
