Title: Building tools for agents — with agents
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

Let's talk about how to build better Let's talk about how to build better Let's talk about how to build better tools for your agents because the tools for your agents because the tools for your agents because the effectiveness of your agents is really effectiveness of your agents is really effectiveness of your agents is really dependent on the tools that are dependent on the tools that are dependent on the tools that are available along with the intelligence of available along with the intelligence of available along with the intelligence of the model. So I'm going to break it down the model. So I'm going to break it down the model. So I'm going to break it down and we're going to look at some and we're going to look at some and we're going to look at some practical insights and by the end practical insights and by the end practical insights and by the end hopefully it will make you rethink how hopefully it will make you rethink how hopefully it will make you rethink how you think about tool implementation. Now you think about tool implementation. Now you think about tool implementation. Now the idea for this video came from this the idea for this video came from this the idea for this video came from this blog post from Enthropic writing blog post from Enthropic writing blog post from Enthropic writing effective tools for agents with agents. effective tools for agents with agents. effective tools for agents with agents. So we're going to look at key findings So we're going to look at key findings So we're going to look at key findings and some practical insights. But before and some practical insights. But before and some practical insights. But before that we need to actually think about how that we need to actually think about how that we need to actually think about how software engineering is changing with software engineering is changing with software engineering is changing with agentic systems. So in traditional agentic systems. So in traditional agentic systems. So in traditional software engineering you implement the software engineering you implement the software engineering you implement the core functionality of a tool by wrapping core functionality of a tool by wrapping core functionality of a tool by wrapping it around in a function. Now these are it around in a function. Now these are it around in a function. Now these are deterministic systems. So you provide an deterministic systems. So you provide an deterministic systems. So you provide an input you expect a deterministic input you expect a deterministic input you expect a deterministic response. With tools it's actually response. With tools it's actually response. With tools it's actually changing. Normally the input is a changing. Normally the input is a changing. Normally the input is a natural language query. Then the agent natural language query. Then the agent natural language query. Then the agent based on its own plan is going to decide based on its own plan is going to decide based on its own plan is going to decide the steps it's going to take. It can the steps it's going to take. It can the steps it's going to take. It can either make a tool call, use its either make a tool call, use its either make a tool call, use its internal knowledge or even ask you a internal knowledge or even ask you a internal knowledge or even ask you a follow-up question. And every time you follow-up question. And every time you follow-up question. And every time you ask the same question, you are going to ask the same question, you are going to ask the same question, you are going to see different steps the agent comes up see different steps the agent comes up see different steps the agent comes up with. And normally these agentic systems with. And normally these agentic systems with. And normally these agentic systems are part of the traditional software are part of the traditional software are part of the traditional software engineering stack. So you really need to engineering stack. So you really need to engineering stack. So you really need to rethink how you implement these systems. rethink how you implement these systems. rethink how you implement these systems. So the blog post itself talks about So the blog post itself talks about So the blog post itself talks about fourstep process on building good tools. fourstep process on building good tools. fourstep process on building good tools. Our focus is going to be mainly on what Our focus is going to be mainly on what Our focus is going to be mainly on what are the key principles around writing are the key principles around writing are the key principles around writing better tools. But for the sake of better tools. But for the sake of better tools. But for the sake of completeness, you want to first start completeness, you want to first start completeness, you want to first start with an initial prototype that is going with an initial prototype that is going with an initial prototype that is going to implement the core functionality. to implement the core functionality. to implement the core functionality. Then you want to run evolves on the Then you want to run evolves on the Then you want to run evolves on the tools that you implement. Then you want tools that you implement. Then you want tools that you implement. Then you want to collaborate with a coding agent. So to collaborate with a coding agent. So to collaborate with a coding agent. So basically using the intelligence of the basically using the intelligence of the basically using the intelligence of the coding agents to help you improve your coding agents to help you improve your coding agents to help you improve your tool description and tool implementation tool description and tool implementation tool description and tool implementation and at the end of the day you want to and at the end of the day you want to and at the end of the day you want to run evolves on it because if you can't run evolves on it because if you can't run evolves on it because if you can't measure it you can't improve it and this measure it you can't improve it and this measure it you can't improve it and this is normally an iterative process but is normally an iterative process but is normally an iterative process but when it comes to implementation of the when it comes to implementation of the when it comes to implementation of the tool themselves here are the key tool themselves here are the key tool themselves here are the key principles I'll recommend to keep in principles I'll recommend to keep in principles I'll recommend to keep in mind. The first one is choose the right mind. The first one is choose the right mind. The first one is choose the right tools to implement. And don't worry, tools to implement. And don't worry, tools to implement. And don't worry, we're going to talk about details of all we're going to talk about details of all we're going to talk about details of all of these. Then make sure that you are of these. Then make sure that you are of these. Then make sure that you are able to group different tools together. able to group different tools together. able to group different tools together. This will help the agent select better This will help the agent select better This will help the agent select better tools. Then we're going to talk a lot tools. Then we're going to talk a lot tools. Then we're going to talk a lot about context engineering. So you want about context engineering. So you want about context engineering. So you want to make sure that the input to the tool to make sure that the input to the tool to make sure that the input to the tool is meaningful. Also, the return from the is meaningful. Also, the return from the is meaningful. Also, the return from the tools are some meaningful context that tools are some meaningful context that tools are some meaningful context that we can feed into the LLM. That will also we can feed into the LLM. That will also we can feed into the LLM. That will also brings us the token efficiency because brings us the token efficiency because brings us the token efficiency because we don't want to just fill up the we don't want to just fill up the we don't want to just fill up the context of the model with useless context of the model with useless context of the model with useless information. Prompt engineering is not information. Prompt engineering is not information. Prompt engineering is not dead. So we're going to talk about how dead. So we're going to talk about how dead. So we're going to talk about how to effectively prompt engineering tools to effectively prompt engineering tools to effectively prompt engineering tools descriptions that are going to be descriptions that are going to be descriptions that are going to be helpful for the LLM to select the helpful for the LLM to select the helpful for the LLM to select the appropriate tool. And then more tools appropriate tool. And then more tools appropriate tool. And then more tools don't always leads to better outcomes. don't always leads to better outcomes. don't always leads to better outcomes. As with traditional software As with traditional software As with traditional software engineering, small refinements yield engineering, small refinements yield engineering, small refinements yield dramatic improvements. dramatic improvements. dramatic improvements. Next, we're going to talk about each one Next, we're going to talk about each one Next, we're going to talk about each one of these with more concrete and detailed of these with more concrete and detailed of these with more concrete and detailed information. But I want you to look at information. But I want you to look at information. But I want you to look at this flow. So let's say you have a task this flow. So let's say you have a task this flow. So let's say you have a task that is provided to the agent. The agent that is provided to the agent. The agent that is provided to the agent. The agent can select a number of different tools can select a number of different tools can select a number of different tools for each of the subtasks. Now the input for each of the subtasks. Now the input for each of the subtasks. Now the input and output of the tool is going to add and output of the tool is going to add and output of the tool is going to add to the context window of the model or to the context window of the model or to the context window of the model or the LLM or the agent and we'll need to the LLM or the agent and we'll need to the LLM or the agent and we'll need to carefully think about how to preserve carefully think about how to preserve carefully think about how to preserve only useful information in this context only useful information in this context only useful information in this context window. A really good example of good window. A really good example of good window. A really good example of good tools for AI agents is browser base. tools for AI agents is browser base. tools for AI agents is browser base. They enable web browsing capabilities They enable web browsing capabilities They enable web browsing capabilities for your AI agents and applications. So, for your AI agents and applications. So, for your AI agents and applications. So, think of them as a cloud platform that think of them as a cloud platform that think of them as a cloud platform that lets you host tools like Puppeteer and lets you host tools like Puppeteer and lets you host tools like Puppeteer and Playright that can interact with your AI Playright that can interact with your AI Playright that can interact with your AI agents and they are also the kind agents and they are also the kind agents and they are also the kind sponsors of today's video. It's sponsors of today's video. It's sponsors of today's video. It's extremely scalable, fast, and secure extremely scalable, fast, and secure extremely scalable, fast, and secure platform that lets you create your own platform that lets you create your own platform that lets you create your own custom agents for browser automation. custom agents for browser automation. custom agents for browser automation. They have pre-existing browsing tools. They have pre-existing browsing tools. They have pre-existing browsing tools. It enables workflow automation and can It enables workflow automation and can It enables workflow automation and can also let you web scrape data from also let you web scrape data from also let you web scrape data from websites. But the feature I like the websites. But the feature I like the websites. But the feature I like the most is called stage hand. This is their most is called stage hand. This is their most is called stage hand. This is their opensource AI browser automation opensource AI browser automation opensource AI browser automation framework. So this enables browser framework. So this enables browser framework. So this enables browser automation by defining actions and then automation by defining actions and then automation by defining actions and then uh assigning tasks to the agents and uh assigning tasks to the agents and uh assigning tasks to the agents and this comes with a very powerful SDK that this comes with a very powerful SDK that this comes with a very powerful SDK that you can start using in your own you can start using in your own you can start using in your own applications. This SDK has a number of applications. This SDK has a number of applications. This SDK has a number of different existing agents including a different existing agents including a different existing agents including a computer use agent and is fully computer use agent and is fully computer use agent and is fully compatible with playright. So browser compatible with playright. So browser compatible with playright. So browser automation is extremely easy with stage automation is extremely easy with stage automation is extremely easy with stage hands. This lets you interact with hands. This lets you interact with hands. This lets you interact with playright uh through natural language. playright uh through natural language. playright uh through natural language. So for example, if you were to go to a So for example, if you were to go to a So for example, if you were to go to a web page, this is the command that web page, this is the command that web page, this is the command that you're going to use. Or if you want it you're going to use. Or if you want it you're going to use. Or if you want it to uh take an action, you can just to uh take an action, you can just to uh take an action, you can just describe that in natural language. Also, describe that in natural language. Also, describe that in natural language. Also, it enables computer use agent. And the it enables computer use agent. And the it enables computer use agent. And the best part is that if you want to scrape best part is that if you want to scrape best part is that if you want to scrape data from any website, you can define data from any website, you can define data from any website, you can define your own custom schema. The agent is your own custom schema. The agent is your own custom schema. The agent is going to go extract that data and return going to go extract that data and return going to go extract that data and return it to you. This is an extremely useful it to you. This is an extremely useful it to you. This is an extremely useful tool for agents that are going to be tool for agents that are going to be tool for agents that are going to be interacting with your web browser. Do interacting with your web browser. Do interacting with your web browser. Do check them out. link is going to be in check them out. link is going to be in check them out. link is going to be in the video description. Now back to the the video description. Now back to the the video description. Now back to the video. So the first principle is video. So the first principle is video. So the first principle is choosing the right tool for the task. choosing the right tool for the task. choosing the right tool for the task. Now more tools does not mean going to Now more tools does not mean going to Now more tools does not mean going to get better outcome. Actually they say get better outcome. Actually they say get better outcome. Actually they say that they have seen a common error that that they have seen a common error that that they have seen a common error that people just wrap existing software people just wrap existing software people just wrap existing software functional or APIs in a tool and present functional or APIs in a tool and present functional or APIs in a tool and present that as a tool to the agent. That's not that as a tool to the agent. That's not that as a tool to the agent. That's not how you want to think about implementing how you want to think about implementing how you want to think about implementing your tools. You want to think about the your tools. You want to think about the your tools. You want to think about the context window of your LLM. So a tool context window of your LLM. So a tool context window of your LLM. So a tool can have a cascade of multiple different can have a cascade of multiple different can have a cascade of multiple different operations and you want to just generate operations and you want to just generate operations and you want to just generate meaningful outcomes that the agent can meaningful outcomes that the agent can meaningful outcomes that the agent can use. Okay, so here's a very simple use. Okay, so here's a very simple use. Okay, so here's a very simple example of address book search. In example of address book search. In example of address book search. In traditional software engineering, you traditional software engineering, you traditional software engineering, you could implement a system that is going could implement a system that is going could implement a system that is going to load all contacts in the memory. Then to load all contacts in the memory. Then to load all contacts in the memory. Then iterate through each contact and if iterate through each contact and if iterate through each contact and if there is a match that results is going there is a match that results is going there is a match that results is going to be returned to you. Now you can write to be returned to you. Now you can write to be returned to you. Now you can write multiple different tools for this if you multiple different tools for this if you multiple different tools for this if you want to use this with an agentic system. want to use this with an agentic system. want to use this with an agentic system. So for example there's one tool which is So for example there's one tool which is So for example there's one tool which is going to be list contexts. It's return going to be list contexts. It's return going to be list contexts. It's return you all 500 context. Then if you think you all 500 context. Then if you think you all 500 context. Then if you think about it is let's say each contact is 50 about it is let's say each contact is 50 about it is let's say each contact is 50 tokens you're looking at about 25 uh,000 tokens you're looking at about 25 uh,000 tokens you're looking at about 25 uh,000 tokens then you can have either the tokens then you can have either the tokens then you can have either the agent go through each one of them token agent go through each one of them token agent go through each one of them token by token or you might have another tool by token or you might have another tool by token or you might have another tool which go through it token by token right which go through it token by token right which go through it token by token right at the end of the day you going to fill at the end of the day you going to fill at the end of the day you going to fill up the context window of the agent with up the context window of the agent with up the context window of the agent with useless information. Now instead of this useless information. Now instead of this useless information. Now instead of this a good approach would be a tool that a good approach would be a tool that a good approach would be a tool that searches using the traditional software searches using the traditional software searches using the traditional software engineering setup and only return a very engineering setup and only return a very engineering setup and only return a very small subset of contacts that it thinks small subset of contacts that it thinks small subset of contacts that it thinks are meaningful. It could be just a are meaningful. It could be just a are meaningful. It could be just a simple rack system and then you pass on simple rack system and then you pass on simple rack system and then you pass on that result to the agent because the that result to the agent because the that result to the agent because the agent is just looking for that one or agent is just looking for that one or agent is just looking for that one or two context. So the way you think about two context. So the way you think about two context. So the way you think about it is that when you're designing tools, it is that when you're designing tools, it is that when you're designing tools, you should think about how humans you should think about how humans you should think about how humans interact with those tools. So for interact with those tools. So for interact with those tools. So for example, you want to have search example, you want to have search example, you want to have search mechanism, not browse, filter, don't mechanism, not browse, filter, don't mechanism, not browse, filter, don't scan, and navigate, don't iterate on scan, and navigate, don't iterate on scan, and navigate, don't iterate on things. So here are some more examples. things. So here are some more examples. things. So here are some more examples. Instead of implementing list users, list Instead of implementing list users, list Instead of implementing list users, list event, create events like three event, create events like three event, create events like three different separate tools, consider different separate tools, consider different separate tools, consider implementing schedule event, which finds implementing schedule event, which finds implementing schedule event, which finds availability and schedule an event. And availability and schedule an event. And availability and schedule an event. And essentially you are wrapping multiple essentially you are wrapping multiple essentially you are wrapping multiple different steps inside a single tool. different steps inside a single tool. different steps inside a single tool. Another example is instead of Another example is instead of Another example is instead of implementing read logs tool consider implementing read logs tool consider implementing read logs tool consider implementing search tool which only implementing search tool which only implementing search tool which only returns relevant logs and some returns relevant logs and some returns relevant logs and some surrounding text. Again search don't surrounding text. Again search don't surrounding text. Again search don't scan. Another idea is name spacing your scan. Another idea is name spacing your scan. Another idea is name spacing your tools. So you want to group similar tools. So you want to group similar tools. So you want to group similar tools together. Now, right now we have a tools together. Now, right now we have a tools together. Now, right now we have a dozen of MCPs that an agent can have dozen of MCPs that an agent can have dozen of MCPs that an agent can have access to and each one of them might be access to and each one of them might be access to and each one of them might be implementing very similar functionality. implementing very similar functionality. implementing very similar functionality. Now, if the agent has to decide which Now, if the agent has to decide which Now, if the agent has to decide which tool to pick, there is a high tool to pick, there is a high tool to pick, there is a high probability it will get confused. So, probability it will get confused. So, probability it will get confused. So, it's here's a very simple it's here's a very simple it's here's a very simple representation. Let's say there are a representation. Let's say there are a representation. Let's say there are a number of different MCP servers. Each number of different MCP servers. Each number of different MCP servers. Each one of them is implementing search, one of them is implementing search, one of them is implementing search, create, update, delete, so on and so create, update, delete, so on and so create, update, delete, so on and so forth. Right? Now without grouping them forth. Right? Now without grouping them forth. Right? Now without grouping them together based on the MCP server if together based on the MCP server if together based on the MCP server if they're using similar names the agent is they're using similar names the agent is they're using similar names the agent is going to get confused. However, if you going to get confused. However, if you going to get confused. However, if you group them together so for example group them together so for example group them together so for example there's a name space for Slack messages there's a name space for Slack messages there's a name space for Slack messages then there are tools specific to Jira then there are tools specific to Jira then there are tools specific to Jira you add these prefixes to each of the you add these prefixes to each of the you add these prefixes to each of the tool then it's going to really help the tool then it's going to really help the tool then it's going to really help the agent determine which tool to use for agent determine which tool to use for agent determine which tool to use for which task. They have a very interesting which task. They have a very interesting which task. They have a very interesting insight. So there seems to be a insight. So there seems to be a insight. So there seems to be a difference if you use a prefix or suffix difference if you use a prefix or suffix difference if you use a prefix or suffix when it comes to the tool use evaluation when it comes to the tool use evaluation when it comes to the tool use evaluation of the agent, right? So you probably of the agent, right? So you probably of the agent, right? So you probably want to experiment with both. So put the want to experiment with both. So put the want to experiment with both. So put the name space before or after the tool name name space before or after the tool name name space before or after the tool name and see whether it's going to have any and see whether it's going to have any and see whether it's going to have any impact on the tool usage or tool call impact on the tool usage or tool call impact on the tool usage or tool call performance. So even though these performance. So even though these performance. So even though these systems are getting smarter and smarter, systems are getting smarter and smarter, systems are getting smarter and smarter, they can be tripped by these very small they can be tripped by these very small they can be tripped by these very small nuance changes. Okay. So the next nuance changes. Okay. So the next nuance changes. Okay. So the next pattern is how do you think about pattern is how do you think about pattern is how do you think about returning information from a tool? So returning information from a tool? So returning information from a tool? So whenever you have a tool call you're whenever you have a tool call you're whenever you have a tool call you're going to get results. So what exactly do going to get results. So what exactly do going to get results. So what exactly do you add in those results? Now the common you add in those results? Now the common you add in those results? Now the common logic is going to be add as much logic is going to be add as much logic is going to be add as much information as possible but that can information as possible but that can information as possible but that can actually backfire. So they say tool actually backfire. So they say tool actually backfire. So they say tool implementation should take care of to implementation should take care of to implementation should take care of to return only high signal information back return only high signal information back return only high signal information back to the agent and you want to make sure to the agent and you want to make sure to the agent and you want to make sure that that information actually makes that that information actually makes that that information actually makes sense. So instead of returning low-level sense. So instead of returning low-level sense. So instead of returning low-level technical identifiers like UU ID or technical identifiers like UU ID or technical identifiers like UU ID or maybe some encrypted image URL, you want maybe some encrypted image URL, you want maybe some encrypted image URL, you want to return fields like name, image URL to return fields like name, image URL to return fields like name, image URL which are more descriptive. Now in some which are more descriptive. Now in some which are more descriptive. Now in some there are cases in which those low-level there are cases in which those low-level there are cases in which those low-level technical identifiers can also be technical identifiers can also be technical identifiers can also be helpful. So you want to return helpful. So you want to return helpful. So you want to return structured outputs or structured formats structured outputs or structured formats structured outputs or structured formats in which you preserve both low-level and in which you preserve both low-level and in which you preserve both low-level and highle details. According to them, highle details. According to them, highle details. According to them, agents tends to grapple with natural agents tends to grapple with natural agents tends to grapple with natural language names, terms, and identifiers language names, terms, and identifiers language names, terms, and identifiers significantly more successfully than significantly more successfully than significantly more successfully than they do with cryptic identifiers. Now they do with cryptic identifiers. Now they do with cryptic identifiers. Now another question, shall should you another question, shall should you another question, shall should you return it in XML format, JSON, markdown? return it in XML format, JSON, markdown? return it in XML format, JSON, markdown? Right now, that really depends on how Right now, that really depends on how Right now, that really depends on how your models were trained. Claude, for your models were trained. Claude, for your models were trained. Claude, for example, loves XML format and OpenAI example, loves XML format and OpenAI example, loves XML format and OpenAI models also tend to like XML now. They models also tend to like XML now. They models also tend to like XML now. They used to be pretty good at JSON, right? used to be pretty good at JSON, right? used to be pretty good at JSON, right? So, you actually want to look at the So, you actually want to look at the So, you actually want to look at the model that you're using and based on model that you're using and based on model that you're using and based on that you decide what is going to be your that you decide what is going to be your that you decide what is going to be your return data format. Next, you want to return data format. Next, you want to return data format. Next, you want to think about optimizing tool response in think about optimizing tool response in think about optimizing tool response in terms of the number of tokens that terms of the number of tokens that terms of the number of tokens that you're returning. Again context you're returning. Again context you're returning. Again context management is going to be critical. So management is going to be critical. So management is going to be critical. So optimizing the quality of context is optimizing the quality of context is optimizing the quality of context is important but so is optimizing the important but so is optimizing the important but so is optimizing the quantity of context return back to the quantity of context return back to the quantity of context return back to the tool as a response. Now they suggest for tool as a response. Now they suggest for tool as a response. Now they suggest for longer context that is going to be longer context that is going to be longer context that is going to be returned use pagenation range selection returned use pagenation range selection returned use pagenation range selection or some sort of filtering or creation or some sort of filtering or creation or some sort of filtering or creation mechanisms. By default code restricts mechanisms. By default code restricts mechanisms. By default code restricts tool responses to 25,000 tokens. Now tool responses to 25,000 tokens. Now tool responses to 25,000 tokens. Now keep in mind if you're going to be keep in mind if you're going to be keep in mind if you're going to be making let's say 12 tool calls in order making let's say 12 tool calls in order making let's say 12 tool calls in order to perform an operation this is going to to perform an operation this is going to to perform an operation this is going to add up. So you want to be really careful add up. So you want to be really careful add up. So you want to be really careful of about how much information you of about how much information you of about how much information you actually want to return. One way is to actually want to return. One way is to actually want to return. One way is to simply create responses for this. There simply create responses for this. There simply create responses for this. There are a few strategies. For example, you are a few strategies. For example, you are a few strategies. For example, you can directly encourage agents to pursue can directly encourage agents to pursue can directly encourage agents to pursue more token efficient strategies like more token efficient strategies like more token efficient strategies like making small and targeted searches making small and targeted searches making small and targeted searches instead of a single broad search for instead of a single broad search for instead of a single broad search for knowledge retrieval tasks. Very similar knowledge retrieval tasks. Very similar knowledge retrieval tasks. Very similar to the context book example that we to the context book example that we to the context book example that we talked about. Now, last but not the talked about. Now, last but not the talked about. Now, last but not the least, prompt engineering for tool least, prompt engineering for tool least, prompt engineering for tool description. This is a piece that I description. This is a piece that I description. This is a piece that I often find people ignore, but I think it often find people ignore, but I think it often find people ignore, but I think it needs a lot more attention. So the way needs a lot more attention. So the way needs a lot more attention. So the way to think about this is if the agent is to think about this is if the agent is to think about this is if the agent is going to select a tool, it's going to going to select a tool, it's going to going to select a tool, it's going to mainly look at what the description of mainly look at what the description of mainly look at what the description of the tool is and what are the input the tool is and what are the input the tool is and what are the input outputs. You want to pay close attention outputs. You want to pay close attention outputs. You want to pay close attention to what the tool is supposed to do. Also to what the tool is supposed to do. Also to what the tool is supposed to do. Also properly name the input variables and properly name the input variables and properly name the input variables and the outputs from the tool along with the the outputs from the tool along with the the outputs from the tool along with the specs of the functionality. Now a very specs of the functionality. Now a very specs of the functionality. Now a very easy way of thinking about this is that easy way of thinking about this is that easy way of thinking about this is that if you hire a new intern what type of if you hire a new intern what type of if you hire a new intern what type of information they will need assuming that information they will need assuming that information they will need assuming that they don't know anything about your they don't know anything about your they don't know anything about your system or your setup right so with that system or your setup right so with that system or your setup right so with that in mind you want to also provide in mind you want to also provide in mind you want to also provide specialized query formats definition of specialized query formats definition of specialized query formats definition of niche terminologies relationship between niche terminologies relationship between niche terminologies relationship between underlyings resources and make it underlyings resources and make it underlyings resources and make it explicit. The idea is avoid any sort of explicit. The idea is avoid any sort of explicit. The idea is avoid any sort of ambiguity where the agent will have to ambiguity where the agent will have to ambiguity where the agent will have to make any assumptions. This is critical. make any assumptions. This is critical. make any assumptions. This is critical. Communication is the main key between a Communication is the main key between a Communication is the main key between a really good agentic system and a failed really good agentic system and a failed really good agentic system and a failed agentic system which is confused on tool agentic system which is confused on tool agentic system which is confused on tool selection. The rest of the article selection. The rest of the article selection. The rest of the article mainly focuses on how to improve these mainly focuses on how to improve these mainly focuses on how to improve these tools with agents. The idea is very tools with agents. The idea is very tools with agents. The idea is very simple. You come up with the initial simple. You come up with the initial simple. You come up with the initial implementation of your tool. Then you implementation of your tool. Then you implementation of your tool. Then you need to come up with realw world need to come up with realw world need to come up with realw world evolution test cases. Now this is evolution test cases. Now this is evolution test cases. Now this is critical because a lot of times what I critical because a lot of times what I critical because a lot of times what I have seen is that people will come up have seen is that people will come up have seen is that people will come up with synthetic examples which have with synthetic examples which have with synthetic examples which have nothing to do with the actual real world nothing to do with the actual real world nothing to do with the actual real world use case. And it's very sad because use case. And it's very sad because use case. And it's very sad because these systems do really well on those these systems do really well on those these systems do really well on those synthetic evolves but when it comes to synthetic evolves but when it comes to synthetic evolves but when it comes to real world tests they fail. And the real world tests they fail. And the real world tests they fail. And the reason is that when you're building reason is that when you're building reason is that when you're building these test sets or evol sets, you are these test sets or evol sets, you are these test sets or evol sets, you are not actually capturing the real world not actually capturing the real world not actually capturing the real world use cases. So if you follow all the use cases. So if you follow all the use cases. So if you follow all the recommendations, recommendations, recommendations, then if you want to iterate on those then if you want to iterate on those then if you want to iterate on those tools with the agent, you want to tools with the agent, you want to tools with the agent, you want to provide as much information as possible. provide as much information as possible. provide as much information as possible. So that will include all the So that will include all the So that will include all the documentation that is going to be documentation that is going to be documentation that is going to be necessary. And the idea would be you necessary. And the idea would be you necessary. And the idea would be you come up with an evol set where you can come up with an evol set where you can come up with an evol set where you can test the agent. Also, you want to make test the agent. Also, you want to make test the agent. Also, you want to make sure that you want to test it in complex sure that you want to test it in complex sure that you want to test it in complex scenarios where you combine multiple scenarios where you combine multiple scenarios where you combine multiple different tools instead of testing tools different tools instead of testing tools different tools instead of testing tools in isolations. So, for example, here's a in isolations. So, for example, here's a in isolations. So, for example, here's a weak task for test. So, if you ask a weak task for test. So, if you ask a weak task for test. So, if you ask a tool or an agent, schedule a meeting tool or an agent, schedule a meeting tool or an agent, schedule a meeting with a person next week, right? The with a person next week, right? The with a person next week, right? The agent might just select that one tool agent might just select that one tool agent might just select that one tool and schedule the meeting. However, your and schedule the meeting. However, your and schedule the meeting. However, your test should look something like this. test should look something like this. test should look something like this. schedule a meeting with Jane next week schedule a meeting with Jane next week schedule a meeting with Jane next week to discuss our latest, let's say, a to discuss our latest, let's say, a to discuss our latest, let's say, a project. Attach the notes from our project. Attach the notes from our project. Attach the notes from our latest project planning meeting and latest project planning meeting and latest project planning meeting and reserve a conference room. Right now, reserve a conference room. Right now, reserve a conference room. Right now, this will involve the agent to plan and this will involve the agent to plan and this will involve the agent to plan and then select multiple different tools in then select multiple different tools in then select multiple different tools in order to accomplish that plan. This is order to accomplish that plan. This is order to accomplish that plan. This is probably a more realistic real world probably a more realistic real world probably a more realistic real world test case rather than having a very test case rather than having a very test case rather than having a very simple single tool selection example in simple single tool selection example in simple single tool selection example in your evaluation data set. And again this your evaluation data set. And again this your evaluation data set. And again this is critical. I have seen a lot of is critical. I have seen a lot of is critical. I have seen a lot of failures where people run simple evolve failures where people run simple evolve failures where people run simple evolve test while they're building their test while they're building their test while they're building their systems and those systems fail because systems and those systems fail because systems and those systems fail because of the complexity in real world. After of the complexity in real world. After of the complexity in real world. After that you can have an agentic loop. So that you can have an agentic loop. So that you can have an agentic loop. So basically with the given set of ewalls basically with the given set of ewalls basically with the given set of ewalls you run this in a loop. You gather the you run this in a loop. You gather the you run this in a loop. You gather the information also you're going to look at information also you're going to look at information also you're going to look at the feedback that the system generates the feedback that the system generates the feedback that the system generates and then you use that feedback along and then you use that feedback along and then you use that feedback along with the agents to improve upon your with the agents to improve upon your with the agents to improve upon your tools. Now based on their internal test tools. Now based on their internal test tools. Now based on their internal test they show that if you use the agent to they show that if you use the agent to they show that if you use the agent to improve your tool you can actually get improve your tool you can actually get improve your tool you can actually get substantially better performance. Now do substantially better performance. Now do substantially better performance. Now do let me know if you want me to create let me know if you want me to create let me know if you want me to create more detailed videos on the evaluation more detailed videos on the evaluation more detailed videos on the evaluation setup. There are a couple of notebooks. setup. There are a couple of notebooks. setup. There are a couple of notebooks. I'm going to put them in the video I'm going to put them in the video I'm going to put them in the video description. But I hope you found this description. But I hope you found this description. But I hope you found this video useful and if you need help with video useful and if you need help with video useful and if you need help with building better systems, you can reach building better systems, you can reach building better systems, you can reach out to me. Details are going to be in out to me. Details are going to be in out to me. Details are going to be in the video description. Anyways, I hope the video description. Anyways, I hope the video description. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for you found this video useful. Thanks for you found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the next one.
