Title: Build Your First Voice AI Agent in 20 Minutes with LiveKit (Open Source)
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

Voice AI platforms like Vappy, Voice AI platforms like Vappy, Voice AI platforms like Vappy, Synthflow, and Bland.ai are good for Synthflow, and Bland.ai are good for Synthflow, and Bland.ai are good for getting you started, but they come with getting you started, but they come with getting you started, but they come with their trade-offs. And honestly, I've their trade-offs. And honestly, I've their trade-offs. And honestly, I've regretted using them for use cases in regretted using them for use cases in regretted using them for use cases in the past. I've talked to businesses the past. I've talked to businesses the past. I've talked to businesses before that have specifically switched before that have specifically switched before that have specifically switched from Vappy to a custom solution because from Vappy to a custom solution because from Vappy to a custom solution because you run into problems with these tools. you run into problems with these tools. you run into problems with these tools. You don't run your own infrastructure. You don't run your own infrastructure. You don't run your own infrastructure. Your tool calls are slow. You're paying Your tool calls are slow. You're paying Your tool calls are slow. You're paying per minute rates that are premium. and per minute rates that are premium. and per minute rates that are premium. and it's really hard to truly customize your it's really hard to truly customize your it's really hard to truly customize your agents when it comes down to it. I agents when it comes down to it. I agents when it comes down to it. I respect these platforms for being easy respect these platforms for being easy respect these platforms for being easy to use and pretty powerful overall, but to use and pretty powerful overall, but to use and pretty powerful overall, but it is just a big black box. Luckily it is just a big black box. Luckily it is just a big black box. Luckily though, LiveKit is different. LiveKit is though, LiveKit is different. LiveKit is though, LiveKit is different. LiveKit is an open-source Python framework for an open-source Python framework for an open-source Python framework for building your agents with code. So, it building your agents with code. So, it building your agents with code. So, it gives you full customization, control gives you full customization, control gives you full customization, control over your conversation logic, direct over your conversation logic, direct over your conversation logic, direct integrations with your tools and MCP integrations with your tools and MCP integrations with your tools and MCP servers, and you can actually self-host servers, and you can actually self-host servers, and you can actually self-host everything or deploy your agents to the everything or deploy your agents to the everything or deploy your agents to the LiveKit cloud. It's fast, it's reliable, LiveKit cloud. It's fast, it's reliable, LiveKit cloud. It's fast, it's reliable, it's very scalable, and I know you're it's very scalable, and I know you're it's very scalable, and I know you're probably thinking it's going to be a lot probably thinking it's going to be a lot probably thinking it's going to be a lot more complex than something like Vappy more complex than something like Vappy more complex than something like Vappy or Bland, but it actually isn't. It's or Bland, but it actually isn't. It's or Bland, but it actually isn't. It's really easy to build agents with really easy to build agents with really easy to build agents with LiveKit. And that's what I'm going to LiveKit. And that's what I'm going to LiveKit. And that's what I'm going to show you super quickly in this video. show you super quickly in this video. show you super quickly in this video. How easy it is to get started building How easy it is to get started building How easy it is to get started building simple agents where you can customize simple agents where you can customize simple agents where you can customize your tools and the different models for your tools and the different models for your tools and the different models for text to speech and speech to text. I'll text to speech and speech to text. I'll text to speech and speech to text. I'll show you how we can build a voice agent show you how we can build a voice agent show you how we can build a voice agent locally and then even deploy it to the locally and then even deploy it to the locally and then even deploy it to the cloud and interact with it in our cloud and interact with it in our cloud and interact with it in our browser. So this GitHub repository that browser. So this GitHub repository that browser. So this GitHub repository that we're looking at right here, I will have we're looking at right here, I will have we're looking at right here, I will have linked in the description. It is a great linked in the description. It is a great linked in the description. It is a great place to get started. And a lot of what place to get started. And a lot of what place to get started. And a lot of what I'm going to be guiding you through I'm going to be guiding you through I'm going to be guiding you through today is based on the examples that they today is based on the examples that they today is based on the examples that they have here. So we have this first quick have here. So we have this first quick have here. So we have this first quick start and also scrolling down they have start and also scrolling down they have start and also scrolling down they have a lot of different examples. You can a lot of different examples. You can a lot of different examples. You can explore the different kinds of voice explore the different kinds of voice explore the different kinds of voice agents that we can build with live kits. agents that we can build with live kits. agents that we can build with live kits. They got a basic starter one that can They got a basic starter one that can They got a basic starter one that can deal with background audio like having deal with background audio like having deal with background audio like having that play as the agent is talking, that play as the agent is talking, that play as the agent is talking, dynamic tool creation, building an dynamic tool creation, building an dynamic tool creation, building an outbound caller and they have a lot of outbound caller and they have a lot of outbound caller and they have a lot of cool integrations with things like cool integrations with things like cool integrations with things like Twilio. We have MCP support. I'll show Twilio. We have MCP support. I'll show Twilio. We have MCP support. I'll show you that later as well. Video avatars. you that later as well. Video avatars. you that later as well. Video avatars. There's so many things that they offer. There's so many things that they offer. There's so many things that they offer. But right now, I want to cover building But right now, I want to cover building But right now, I want to cover building the most basic version of a LiveKit the most basic version of a LiveKit the most basic version of a LiveKit agent. Then we'll build on top of that agent. Then we'll build on top of that agent. Then we'll build on top of that over time so you can see how to really over time so you can see how to really over time so you can see how to really customize it. Building the kind of thing customize it. Building the kind of thing customize it. Building the kind of thing that we aren't going to be able to do that we aren't going to be able to do that we aren't going to be able to do with an out-of-the-box tool like Bland, with an out-of-the-box tool like Bland, with an out-of-the-box tool like Bland, Vappy, or Synthflow. So, I will have Vappy, or Synthflow. So, I will have Vappy, or Synthflow. So, I will have this repository linked in the this repository linked in the this repository linked in the description as well. This is where we'll description as well. This is where we'll description as well. This is where we'll be building the agents live that I have be building the agents live that I have be building the agents live that I have for you today. What you can take as a for you today. What you can take as a for you today. What you can take as a foundation and build on top of to create foundation and build on top of to create foundation and build on top of to create really anything that you want. And if really anything that you want. And if really anything that you want. And if you want to read through this whole you want to read through this whole you want to read through this whole readme, I've got setup instructions for readme, I've got setup instructions for readme, I've got setup instructions for everything. But right now, I just want everything. But right now, I just want everything. But right now, I just want to dive right in and build with you. So, to dive right in and build with you. So, to dive right in and build with you. So, let's open up our first basic agent. I'm let's open up our first basic agent. I'm let's open up our first basic agent. I'm going to actually create this section by going to actually create this section by going to actually create this section by section from scratch to show you how section from scratch to show you how section from scratch to show you how easy it is. The first thing we need to easy it is. The first thing we need to easy it is. The first thing we need to do in Python is import all the do in Python is import all the do in Python is import all the dependencies that we have from LiveKit. dependencies that we have from LiveKit. dependencies that we have from LiveKit. You can see some different providers You can see some different providers You can see some different providers here for part of our voice pipeline. here for part of our voice pipeline. here for part of our voice pipeline. More on that in a little bit. We're More on that in a little bit. We're More on that in a little bit. We're going to load our environment variables going to load our environment variables going to load our environment variables including things like our OpenAI API including things like our OpenAI API including things like our OpenAI API key. And then we're going to create a key. And then we're going to create a key. And then we're going to create a agent class. So we're calling it agent class. So we're calling it agent class. So we're calling it assistant. It's based on the agent class assistant. It's based on the agent class assistant. It's based on the agent class that we're importing from LiveKit. that we're importing from LiveKit. that we're importing from LiveKit. Everything that we build going forward Everything that we build going forward Everything that we build going forward is going to be within this assistant is going to be within this assistant is going to be within this assistant class. And so we create up our agent and class. And so we create up our agent and class. And so we create up our agent and then we use this class to connect to then we use this class to connect to then we use this class to connect to LiveKit either self-hosted or in the LiveKit either self-hosted or in the LiveKit either self-hosted or in the cloud. And I'll show you at the end of cloud. And I'll show you at the end of cloud. And I'll show you at the end of this guide as well. And so first we have this guide as well. And so first we have this guide as well. And so first we have our init function. And this is where we our init function. And this is where we our init function. And this is where we get to specify the system prompt for our get to specify the system prompt for our get to specify the system prompt for our voice agent. I'm just keeping it very voice agent. I'm just keeping it very voice agent. I'm just keeping it very very basic here. And then we have our very basic here. And then we have our very basic here. And then we have our entry point. So this is what is called entry point. So this is what is called entry point. So this is what is called when we are trying to use our agent for when we are trying to use our agent for when we are trying to use our agent for the first time when a user calls into the first time when a user calls into the first time when a user calls into it. However, we are invoking it. And so it. However, we are invoking it. And so it. However, we are invoking it. And so we create what is called an agent we create what is called an agent we create what is called an agent session. And there's a lot of different session. And there's a lot of different session. And there's a lot of different parameters that we can set here to tweak parameters that we can set here to tweak parameters that we can set here to tweak our agent. A few of the most important our agent. A few of the most important our agent. A few of the most important ones that I have here is all about ones that I have here is all about ones that I have here is all about creating what is called the voice creating what is called the voice creating what is called the voice pipeline because the way that it works pipeline because the way that it works pipeline because the way that it works with LiveKit is you have your with LiveKit is you have your with LiveKit is you have your speechtoext model that sits at the front speechtoext model that sits at the front speechtoext model that sits at the front and then it goes to the large language and then it goes to the large language and then it goes to the large language model. So whatever speech it transcribes model. So whatever speech it transcribes model. So whatever speech it transcribes into text it goes to the LLM to get the into text it goes to the LLM to get the into text it goes to the LLM to get the response and then the response goes response and then the response goes response and then the response goes through a texttospech model so that we through a texttospech model so that we through a texttospech model so that we have the voice come out the other end have the voice come out the other end have the voice come out the other end for us as the end user. And there are for us as the end user. And there are for us as the end user. And there are also voicetovoice options with the also voicetovoice options with the also voicetovoice options with the OpenAI real-time API for example. So OpenAI real-time API for example. So OpenAI real-time API for example. So there's quite a few different things there's quite a few different things there's quite a few different things that you can set up in LiveKit if you that you can set up in LiveKit if you that you can set up in LiveKit if you wanted to use Enthropic for the LLM wanted to use Enthropic for the LLM wanted to use Enthropic for the LLM instead or Cartisia for speech to text. instead or Cartisia for speech to text. instead or Cartisia for speech to text. There's a lot of different providers There's a lot of different providers There's a lot of different providers that are available if you want to check that are available if you want to check that are available if you want to check that out in the LiveKit documentation. that out in the LiveKit documentation. that out in the LiveKit documentation. But this is our session where we define But this is our session where we define But this is our session where we define our voice pipeline. And now we get to our voice pipeline. And now we get to our voice pipeline. And now we get to start the session. So in the entry point start the session. So in the entry point start the session. So in the entry point we're invoking our agent. Now we're we're invoking our agent. Now we're we're invoking our agent. Now we're starting the session creating a room. starting the session creating a room. starting the session creating a room. This is where we maintain the This is where we maintain the This is where we maintain the conversation history between the user conversation history between the user conversation history between the user and the voice agent. And we're just and the voice agent. And we're just and the voice agent. And we're just passing in our agent because obviously passing in our agent because obviously passing in our agent because obviously that's what we want to use for this room that's what we want to use for this room that's what we want to use for this room session. And then the other thing that session. And then the other thing that session. And then the other thing that we're going to do is generate an initial we're going to do is generate an initial we're going to do is generate an initial greeting. And so at any point in our greeting. And so at any point in our greeting. And so at any point in our agent code, we're able to generate agent code, we're able to generate agent code, we're able to generate replies. That's one of the more replies. That's one of the more replies. That's one of the more customizable components we have to live customizable components we have to live customizable components we have to live kit that we don't have with something kit that we don't have with something kit that we don't have with something else. like in our Python code anywhere else. like in our Python code anywhere else. like in our Python code anywhere we want. We can just inject it to say we want. We can just inject it to say we want. We can just inject it to say something based on the instructions that something based on the instructions that something based on the instructions that we give it. And so when we kick off the we give it. And so when we kick off the we give it. And so when we kick off the session, the user doesn't actually have session, the user doesn't actually have session, the user doesn't actually have to be the first one to talk. We can have to be the first one to talk. We can have to be the first one to talk. We can have it generate something. And so we're it generate something. And so we're it generate something. And so we're telling it at a high level, this is telling it at a high level, this is telling it at a high level, this is literally just a prompt to an LLM. literally just a prompt to an LLM. literally just a prompt to an LLM. Basically, we're telling it to greet the Basically, we're telling it to greet the Basically, we're telling it to greet the user warmly in some way. And you can user warmly in some way. And you can user warmly in some way. And you can tweak this however you want. And then tweak this however you want. And then tweak this however you want. And then this is the very last thing that we have this is the very last thing that we have this is the very last thing that we have to do. All we have to do when we start to do. All we have to do when we start to do. All we have to do when we start this script here, the LiveKit basic this script here, the LiveKit basic this script here, the LiveKit basic agent.py, Pi is we're calling the agent.py, Pi is we're calling the agent.py, Pi is we're calling the CLI.run app and then we're passing in CLI.run app and then we're passing in CLI.run app and then we're passing in this entry point where we have the whole this entry point where we have the whole this entry point where we have the whole agent session and room and greeting set agent session and room and greeting set agent session and room and greeting set up. That is it. 52 lines of code. up. That is it. 52 lines of code. up. That is it. 52 lines of code. Congratulations. You've already created Congratulations. You've already created Congratulations. You've already created your first live kit agent. It is that your first live kit agent. It is that your first live kit agent. It is that easy. And so let's test it out right easy. And so let's test it out right easy. And so let's test it out right now. Then I'll show you how you can now. Then I'll show you how you can now. Then I'll show you how you can start to really add in the fun stuff. start to really add in the fun stuff. start to really add in the fun stuff. All right, so back over to the Remi cuz All right, so back over to the Remi cuz All right, so back over to the Remi cuz I have instructions for running I have instructions for running I have instructions for running everything. If it is your first time everything. If it is your first time everything. If it is your first time executing this LiveKit agent, you do executing this LiveKit agent, you do executing this LiveKit agent, you do need to download the model files for it. need to download the model files for it. need to download the model files for it. I already have that run. So I'm going to I already have that run. So I'm going to I already have that run. So I'm going to go right to running the console command. go right to running the console command. go right to running the console command. So whenever we invoke a LiveKit agent So whenever we invoke a LiveKit agent So whenever we invoke a LiveKit agent through a Python script, there's a few through a Python script, there's a few through a Python script, there's a few different options that we have as these different options that we have as these different options that we have as these commands that we have as just like the commands that we have as just like the commands that we have as just like the last argument here. Console is how we last argument here. Console is how we last argument here. Console is how we get to use our agent in the command get to use our agent in the command get to use our agent in the command line. So let's go ahead and run this and line. So let's go ahead and run this and line. So let's go ahead and run this and listen to this conversation here. It'll listen to this conversation here. It'll listen to this conversation here. It'll even start by giving us a greeting. So even start by giving us a greeting. So even start by giving us a greeting. So here we go. here we go. here we go. &gt;&gt; Hi there. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Hi there. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Hi there. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Hey, in five words, tell me what is so &gt;&gt; Hey, in five words, tell me what is so &gt;&gt; Hey, in five words, tell me what is so cool about LiveKit. scalable, real time, cool about LiveKit. scalable, real time, cool about LiveKit. scalable, real time, open-source video. open-source video. open-source video. &gt;&gt; All right, it sounds really, really &gt;&gt; All right, it sounds really, really &gt;&gt; All right, it sounds really, really good. Cool. Okay, so I'm going to go good. Cool. Okay, so I'm going to go good. Cool. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and close out of this here. Things ahead and close out of this here. Things ahead and close out of this here. Things are working perfectly. So that is our are working perfectly. So that is our are working perfectly. So that is our super basic test. There's nothing fancy super basic test. There's nothing fancy super basic test. There's nothing fancy with our voice agent at this point with our voice agent at this point with our voice agent at this point because we haven't given it anything because we haven't given it anything because we haven't given it anything special through tools. So now let's go special through tools. So now let's go special through tools. So now let's go ahead and add a tool to our agent. And ahead and add a tool to our agent. And ahead and add a tool to our agent. And watch this because if you blink, you're watch this because if you blink, you're watch this because if you blink, you're going to miss it. There we go. All going to miss it. There we go. All going to miss it. There we go. All right, we have now added a tool to our right, we have now added a tool to our right, we have now added a tool to our LiveKit agent. It is as easy as creating LiveKit agent. It is as easy as creating LiveKit agent. It is as easy as creating any Python function and then adding the any Python function and then adding the any Python function and then adding the at@ function tool decorator. So when we at@ function tool decorator. So when we at@ function tool decorator. So when we create a function within the agent create a function within the agent create a function within the agent class, like I said, everything we're class, like I said, everything we're class, like I said, everything we're adding is just within the agent class adding is just within the agent class adding is just within the agent class here. And we add this decorator, we're here. And we add this decorator, we're here. And we add this decorator, we're telling the LiveKit agent, here is a telling the LiveKit agent, here is a telling the LiveKit agent, here is a capability that you have. And the dock capability that you have. And the dock capability that you have. And the dock string, this comment that we have at the string, this comment that we have at the string, this comment that we have at the top of the function is going to tell the top of the function is going to tell the top of the function is going to tell the agent when and how to use this tool. So agent when and how to use this tool. So agent when and how to use this tool. So we can do things like specify the we can do things like specify the we can do things like specify the arguments that we have here. So it's arguments that we have here. So it's arguments that we have here. So it's exactly the same as when we add tools exactly the same as when we add tools exactly the same as when we add tools into our agents with pedantic AI or crew into our agents with pedantic AI or crew into our agents with pedantic AI or crew AI. It works in just the same way. AI. It works in just the same way. AI. It works in just the same way. LiveKit really is just another AI agent LiveKit really is just another AI agent LiveKit really is just another AI agent framework, but for building voice agents framework, but for building voice agents framework, but for building voice agents in particular. It's very very cool. And in particular. It's very very cool. And in particular. It's very very cool. And so this function is just a basic one in so this function is just a basic one in so this function is just a basic one in general to get the current date and time general to get the current date and time general to get the current date and time because large language models due to because large language models due to because large language models due to their training cutoff don't actually their training cutoff don't actually their training cutoff don't actually have that by default. And so I'm going have that by default. And so I'm going have that by default. And so I'm going to go ahead and save this agent. Go back to go ahead and save this agent. Go back to go ahead and save this agent. Go back over to my terminal and let's invoke it over to my terminal and let's invoke it over to my terminal and let's invoke it again and this time ask it what the again and this time ask it what the again and this time ask it what the current time is. Can you tell me what current time is. Can you tell me what current time is. Can you tell me what the current time is, please? the current time is, please? the current time is, please? &gt;&gt; Current time is 4:21 p.m. on October &gt;&gt; Current time is 4:21 p.m. on October &gt;&gt; Current time is 4:21 p.m. on October 3rd, 2025. Is there anything? 3rd, 2025. Is there anything? 3rd, 2025. Is there anything? &gt;&gt; All right, that is looking really good. &gt;&gt; All right, that is looking really good. &gt;&gt; All right, that is looking really good. And you can see that it used the get And you can see that it used the get And you can see that it used the get current date and time function just like current date and time function just like current date and time function just like we have defined in our Python code. And we have defined in our Python code. And we have defined in our Python code. And then just for fun, let's add a couple then just for fun, let's add a couple then just for fun, let's add a couple more tools to this agent. So, I'm going more tools to this agent. So, I'm going more tools to this agent. So, I'm going to turn it into an Airbnb assistant that to turn it into an Airbnb assistant that to turn it into an Airbnb assistant that can help me with searching and booking. can help me with searching and booking. can help me with searching and booking. And so, to keep it simple, I'll have And so, to keep it simple, I'll have And so, to keep it simple, I'll have mock data for a bunch of available mock data for a bunch of available mock data for a bunch of available Airbnbs. And then I'll create one tool Airbnbs. And then I'll create one tool Airbnbs. And then I'll create one tool to search for Airbnbs. And so the to search for Airbnbs. And so the to search for Airbnbs. And so the parameter here is the city that we're parameter here is the city that we're parameter here is the city that we're searching in. So the LLM will actually searching in. So the LLM will actually searching in. So the LLM will actually decide this parameter when it decides to decide this parameter when it decides to decide this parameter when it decides to invoke the search Airbnbs tool. And we invoke the search Airbnbs tool. And we invoke the search Airbnbs tool. And we specify the arguments in this dock specify the arguments in this dock specify the arguments in this dock string as well because that is included string as well because that is included string as well because that is included as a part of the prompt to our LiveKit as a part of the prompt to our LiveKit as a part of the prompt to our LiveKit agent. And again, this is just using a agent. And again, this is just using a agent. And again, this is just using a bunch of mock data here. And then I'll bunch of mock data here. And then I'll bunch of mock data here. And then I'll just add another tool so that we can just add another tool so that we can just add another tool so that we can actually book the Airbnb. And if any of actually book the Airbnb. And if any of actually book the Airbnb. And if any of these arguments it doesn't actually know these arguments it doesn't actually know these arguments it doesn't actually know yet from our conversation, then it will yet from our conversation, then it will yet from our conversation, then it will clarify with us. So cool. I'm going to clarify with us. So cool. I'm going to clarify with us. So cool. I'm going to go ahead and save this, go back over go ahead and save this, go back over go ahead and save this, go back over into our terminal, and let's invoke our into our terminal, and let's invoke our into our terminal, and let's invoke our agent for the third time. agent for the third time. agent for the third time. &gt;&gt; Hi, welcome. How can I assist you with &gt;&gt; Hi, welcome. How can I assist you with &gt;&gt; Hi, welcome. How can I assist you with your Airbnb plans today? your Airbnb plans today? your Airbnb plans today? &gt;&gt; All right, tell me the top Airbnb in San &gt;&gt; All right, tell me the top Airbnb in San &gt;&gt; All right, tell me the top Airbnb in San Francisco. Really quickly here, Francisco. Really quickly here, Francisco. Really quickly here, &gt;&gt; here are three top Airbnbs in San &gt;&gt; here are three top Airbnbs in San &gt;&gt; here are three top Airbnbs in San Francisco. One, Cozy Downtown Loft, $150 Francisco. One, Cozy Downtown Loft, $150 Francisco. One, Cozy Downtown Loft, $150 per night. per night. per night. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. I am sold on the Cozy &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. I am sold on the Cozy &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. I am sold on the Cozy Downtown Loft already. I want to go Downtown Loft already. I want to go Downtown Loft already. I want to go ahead and book that right now. ahead and book that right now. ahead and book that right now. &gt;&gt; Great choice. Could you please provide &gt;&gt; Great choice. Could you please provide &gt;&gt; Great choice. Could you please provide thee with your name and the check-in and thee with your name and the check-in and thee with your name and the check-in and checkout dates for your stay? checkout dates for your stay? checkout dates for your stay? &gt;&gt; Cole, I'll go ahead and check in on &gt;&gt; Cole, I'll go ahead and check in on &gt;&gt; Cole, I'll go ahead and check in on November 1st and I'll check out on November 1st and I'll check out on November 1st and I'll check out on December 30th. December 30th. December 30th. &gt;&gt; You're booking for the cozy downtown &gt;&gt; You're booking for the cozy downtown &gt;&gt; You're booking for the cozy downtown loft from November 1st to December 30th loft from November 1st to December 30th loft from November 1st to December 30th is confirmed. Cole, is confirmed. Cole, is confirmed. Cole, &gt;&gt; you'll get a Let's go. Cool. All right, &gt;&gt; you'll get a Let's go. Cool. All right, &gt;&gt; you'll get a Let's go. Cool. All right, I'm going to go edit in this ear. I'm going to go edit in this ear. I'm going to go edit in this ear. Looking really good. So, there we go. We Looking really good. So, there we go. We Looking really good. So, there we go. We have some mock data here for Airbnb. So, have some mock data here for Airbnb. So, have some mock data here for Airbnb. So, it's not really a voice agent that's it's not really a voice agent that's it's not really a voice agent that's doing something for us, but if we were doing something for us, but if we were doing something for us, but if we were really using the Airbnb API, this would really using the Airbnb API, this would really using the Airbnb API, this would be a super solid voice agent that can be a super solid voice agent that can be a super solid voice agent that can help us find our Airbnbs. Pretty cool. help us find our Airbnbs. Pretty cool. help us find our Airbnbs. Pretty cool. Now, I thought it would be fun to Now, I thought it would be fun to Now, I thought it would be fun to actually show you using the real Airbnb actually show you using the real Airbnb actually show you using the real Airbnb API in the LiveKit agent. This is a bit API in the LiveKit agent. This is a bit API in the LiveKit agent. This is a bit off the cuff, so I'm not going to dive off the cuff, so I'm not going to dive off the cuff, so I'm not going to dive super deep into this right now. I do super deep into this right now. I do super deep into this right now. I do actually have a video coming out next actually have a video coming out next actually have a video coming out next week on the Docker MCP catalog, so check week on the Docker MCP catalog, so check week on the Docker MCP catalog, so check that out. Stay tuned for that because that out. Stay tuned for that because that out. Stay tuned for that because that's how we're going to get quick that's how we're going to get quick that's how we're going to get quick access to the Airbnb MCP server. And so access to the Airbnb MCP server. And so access to the Airbnb MCP server. And so this won't actually book an Airbnb for this won't actually book an Airbnb for this won't actually book an Airbnb for us. I want to be really clear on that. us. I want to be really clear on that. us. I want to be really clear on that. It's probably a good thing. We don't It's probably a good thing. We don't It's probably a good thing. We don't want our agent to book on our behalf, want our agent to book on our behalf, want our agent to book on our behalf, but it's actually real search finding but it's actually real search finding but it's actually real search finding real Airbnbs for me now instead of using real Airbnbs for me now instead of using real Airbnbs for me now instead of using the mock data. So I've got this added to the mock data. So I've got this added to the mock data. So I've got this added to my servers here. And then I am running my servers here. And then I am running my servers here. And then I am running the MCP gateway from Docker so that I the MCP gateway from Docker so that I the MCP gateway from Docker so that I have this ready to be connected to from have this ready to be connected to from have this ready to be connected to from my LiveKit agent. And I'm going to be my LiveKit agent. And I'm going to be my LiveKit agent. And I'm going to be covering all of this in the Wednesday covering all of this in the Wednesday covering all of this in the Wednesday video on the Docker MCP catalog. So video on the Docker MCP catalog. So video on the Docker MCP catalog. So again, stay tuned for that. So it's again, stay tuned for that. So it's again, stay tuned for that. So it's running the streamable HTTP protocol on running the streamable HTTP protocol on running the streamable HTTP protocol on port 8089. So you'll see given that how port 8089. So you'll see given that how port 8089. So you'll see given that how we connect to it in LiveKit in just a we connect to it in LiveKit in just a we connect to it in LiveKit in just a little bit here. So I have a second little bit here. So I have a second little bit here. So I have a second agent where I have this MCP integration. agent where I have this MCP integration. agent where I have this MCP integration. And there are some differences between And there are some differences between And there are some differences between this script and the last basic agent this script and the last basic agent this script and the last basic agent even besides the MCP stuff. I was just even besides the MCP stuff. I was just even besides the MCP stuff. I was just playing around with more features in playing around with more features in playing around with more features in LiveKit. Just showing you some things LiveKit. Just showing you some things LiveKit. Just showing you some things like we can fire off certain events like we can fire off certain events like we can fire off certain events within the whole conversation flow like within the whole conversation flow like within the whole conversation flow like when the user starts speaking or stops when the user starts speaking or stops when the user starts speaking or stops speaking. We can have custom logic built speaking. We can have custom logic built speaking. We can have custom logic built in. So just trying to give you a little in. So just trying to give you a little in. So just trying to give you a little bit of an idea of how we can continue to bit of an idea of how we can continue to bit of an idea of how we can continue to extend and customize LiveKit agents even extend and customize LiveKit agents even extend and customize LiveKit agents even more. Like it definitely is a lot more more. Like it definitely is a lot more more. Like it definitely is a lot more you can than what you can do with other you can than what you can do with other you can than what you can do with other platforms like Vappy. And then we have platforms like Vappy. And then we have platforms like Vappy. And then we have the MCP servers. Literally all we have the MCP servers. Literally all we have the MCP servers. Literally all we have to do it's so easy. We have our agent to do it's so easy. We have our agent to do it's so easy. We have our agent session here defined in pretty much the session here defined in pretty much the session here defined in pretty much the same way with our whole voice pipeline. same way with our whole voice pipeline. same way with our whole voice pipeline. And then all I have to do is add the MCP And then all I have to do is add the MCP And then all I have to do is add the MCP servers. This is just a list of all the servers. This is just a list of all the servers. This is just a list of all the servers that I want to connect to. So we servers that I want to connect to. So we servers that I want to connect to. So we have streamable HTTP for the Docker MCP have streamable HTTP for the Docker MCP have streamable HTTP for the Docker MCP gateway that I have running. And all I gateway that I have running. And all I gateway that I have running. And all I have to do because this is just running have to do because this is just running have to do because this is just running locally. There's no authentication. I locally. There's no authentication. I locally. There's no authentication. I just have to give the URL to my MCP just have to give the URL to my MCP just have to give the URL to my MCP server. It is that easy. And then boom, server. It is that easy. And then boom, server. It is that easy. And then boom, this agent is now connected. Let's go this agent is now connected. Let's go this agent is now connected. Let's go ahead and run it and use the real Airbnb ahead and run it and use the real Airbnb ahead and run it and use the real Airbnb API. All right, back in the terminal, API. All right, back in the terminal, API. All right, back in the terminal, let's run a very similar command, but let's run a very similar command, but let's run a very similar command, but this time for our MCP agent instead of this time for our MCP agent instead of this time for our MCP agent instead of our basic one. our basic one. our basic one. &gt;&gt; Hello. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Hello. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Hello. How can I assist you today? &gt;&gt; Uh, I want you to search for Airbnbs &gt;&gt; Uh, I want you to search for Airbnbs &gt;&gt; Uh, I want you to search for Airbnbs around Minneapolis, Minnesota that I can around Minneapolis, Minnesota that I can around Minneapolis, Minnesota that I can book for this week. Just give me the top book for this week. Just give me the top book for this week. Just give me the top one really quickly here. one really quickly here. one really quickly here. &gt;&gt; The top Airbnb listing in Minneapolis &gt;&gt; The top Airbnb listing in Minneapolis &gt;&gt; The top Airbnb listing in Minneapolis for this week is a studio in historic for this week is a studio in historic for this week is a studio in historic Brownstone, downtown MLS. It has one Brownstone, downtown MLS. It has one Brownstone, downtown MLS. It has one bedroom with one queen bed, a rating of bedroom with one queen bed, a rating of bedroom with one queen bed, a rating of 4.79. 4.79. 4.79. &gt;&gt; Really, really good. Cool. I'm going to &gt;&gt; Really, really good. Cool. I'm going to &gt;&gt; Really, really good. Cool. I'm going to stop it here. So perfect. We are now stop it here. So perfect. We are now stop it here. So perfect. We are now using a real Airbnb API call to get that using a real Airbnb API call to get that using a real Airbnb API call to get that Airbnb. So cool. That's everything that Airbnb. So cool. That's everything that Airbnb. So cool. That's everything that I have for you for building LiveKit I have for you for building LiveKit I have for you for building LiveKit agents. It really is easy and powerful. agents. It really is easy and powerful. agents. It really is easy and powerful. And the last thing that I want to show And the last thing that I want to show And the last thing that I want to show you is how we can take our LiveKit agent you is how we can take our LiveKit agent you is how we can take our LiveKit agent that we've been running locally and that we've been running locally and that we've been running locally and actually deploy it to the cloud. So we actually deploy it to the cloud. So we actually deploy it to the cloud. So we can interact with it in the browser. And can interact with it in the browser. And can interact with it in the browser. And I'll even speak to how you can set up a I'll even speak to how you can set up a I'll even speak to how you can set up a phone integration so you can actually phone integration so you can actually phone integration so you can actually have a phone number with your LiveKit have a phone number with your LiveKit have a phone number with your LiveKit agent behind it. Now, before we get into agent behind it. Now, before we get into agent behind it. Now, before we get into that, the last thing that I want to say that, the last thing that I want to say that, the last thing that I want to say as far as building agents and the tools as far as building agents and the tools as far as building agents and the tools that we have for this, there's a that we have for this, there's a that we have for this, there's a workshop that I did in the Dynamis workshop that I did in the Dynamis workshop that I did in the Dynamis community where I built a more advanced community where I built a more advanced community where I built a more advanced LiveKit agent also with the help of LiveKit agent also with the help of LiveKit agent also with the help of Archon that has a complete rag Archon that has a complete rag Archon that has a complete rag implementation behind it. And so, implementation behind it. And so, implementation behind it. And so, definitely come check out dynamis.ai if definitely come check out dynamis.ai if definitely come check out dynamis.ai if you're interested in workshops like you're interested in workshops like you're interested in workshops like this. The recording for this is this. The recording for this is this. The recording for this is available for you immediately when you available for you immediately when you available for you immediately when you join the community. And there's a ton of join the community. And there's a ton of join the community. And there's a ton of other resources that we have in here for other resources that we have in here for other resources that we have in here for building AI agents and working with AI building AI agents and working with AI building AI agents and working with AI coding assistants. So I just want to coding assistants. So I just want to coding assistants. So I just want to mention that really quick because I have mention that really quick because I have mention that really quick because I have already covered LiveKit in the Dinest already covered LiveKit in the Dinest already covered LiveKit in the Dinest community. But with that, let's go ahead community. But with that, let's go ahead community. But with that, let's go ahead and take our basic agent that we have and take our basic agent that we have and take our basic agent that we have here and now deploy it to the cloud. Now here and now deploy it to the cloud. Now here and now deploy it to the cloud. Now I've got custom instructions in the I've got custom instructions in the I've got custom instructions in the readme to make the deployment to the readme to make the deployment to the readme to make the deployment to the cloud as simple as possible. But it is cloud as simple as possible. But it is cloud as simple as possible. But it is all based on the voice AI quickart that all based on the voice AI quickart that all based on the voice AI quickart that we have here in the live kit docs. This we have here in the live kit docs. This we have here in the live kit docs. This is a little bit more complex because it is a little bit more complex because it is a little bit more complex because it assumes you don't have an agent yet. We assumes you don't have an agent yet. We assumes you don't have an agent yet. We already have one. So that's why I have already have one. So that's why I have already have one. So that's why I have my own instructions for you. And so my own instructions for you. And so my own instructions for you. And so following this, we can either deploy to following this, we can either deploy to following this, we can either deploy to the LiveKit cloud, which is what we're the LiveKit cloud, which is what we're the LiveKit cloud, which is what we're going to be doing just because it's the going to be doing just because it's the going to be doing just because it's the fastest and most convenient, but you can fastest and most convenient, but you can fastest and most convenient, but you can also self-host because LiveKit is free also self-host because LiveKit is free also self-host because LiveKit is free open source. You can run all of the open source. You can run all of the open source. You can run all of the infrastructure if you want complete infrastructure if you want complete infrastructure if you want complete control for your voice agents. Now control for your voice agents. Now control for your voice agents. Now LiveKit is not sponsoring this video or LiveKit is not sponsoring this video or LiveKit is not sponsoring this video or anything. I just want to deploy to my anything. I just want to deploy to my anything. I just want to deploy to my cloud platform here because it is the cloud platform here because it is the cloud platform here because it is the easiest to show you how to get started. easiest to show you how to get started. easiest to show you how to get started. And so you can host your first agent And so you can host your first agent And so you can host your first agent completely for free. I'm not paying for completely for free. I'm not paying for completely for free. I'm not paying for anything for LiveKit or for Deepgram in anything for LiveKit or for Deepgram in anything for LiveKit or for Deepgram in this video. Literally just my OpenAI API this video. Literally just my OpenAI API this video. Literally just my OpenAI API key is the only thing that I have to pay key is the only thing that I have to pay key is the only thing that I have to pay a single scent for. So that's what we a single scent for. So that's what we a single scent for. So that's what we got going on here. Going back to the got going on here. Going back to the got going on here. Going back to the read me here. Let's go down to the read me here. Let's go down to the read me here. Let's go down to the instructions that I've got once we instructions that I've got once we instructions that I've got once we actually want to do our deployment. And actually want to do our deployment. And actually want to do our deployment. And so first thing you have to sign up, so first thing you have to sign up, so first thing you have to sign up, create your LiveKit cloud account. I got create your LiveKit cloud account. I got create your LiveKit cloud account. I got the link right here. And then you have the link right here. And then you have the link right here. And then you have to install the LiveKit CLI. So based on to install the LiveKit CLI. So based on to install the LiveKit CLI. So based on your operating system, there's a your operating system, there's a your operating system, there's a different command. I'm on Windows. And different command. I'm on Windows. And different command. I'm on Windows. And so in my terminal, I've already run this so in my terminal, I've already run this so in my terminal, I've already run this windget command. And then you need to windget command. And then you need to windget command. And then you need to authenticate with the LiveKit cloud. So authenticate with the LiveKit cloud. So authenticate with the LiveKit cloud. So you just run LK cloud off. So all of our you just run LK cloud off. So all of our you just run LK cloud off. So all of our CLI commands with LiveKit now is just CLI commands with LiveKit now is just CLI commands with LiveKit now is just going to be the LK command. And so it'll going to be the LK command. And so it'll going to be the LK command. And so it'll walk you through authenticating in the walk you through authenticating in the walk you through authenticating in the browser. and then you'll be good to go. browser. and then you'll be good to go. browser. and then you'll be good to go. Now, the next thing that you need to do Now, the next thing that you need to do Now, the next thing that you need to do is set up your environments. And this is is set up your environments. And this is is set up your environments. And this is where I'll actually go and show you where I'll actually go and show you where I'll actually go and show you running these commands alongside. So, running these commands alongside. So, running these commands alongside. So, I'll go in here, minimize this a little I'll go in here, minimize this a little I'll go in here, minimize this a little bit, and I will do lkapp env. bit, and I will do lkapp env. bit, and I will do lkapp env. What this is going to do is we just What this is going to do is we just What this is going to do is we just enter in all of the different enter in all of the different enter in all of the different environment variables that I have in environment variables that I have in environment variables that I have in thev.example thev.example thev.example for you. So we specify our openi API for you. So we specify our openi API for you. So we specify our openi API key. We specify our deepgram API key and key. We specify our deepgram API key and key. We specify our deepgram API key and then the large language model that we then the large language model that we then the large language model that we want to use for that part of our voice want to use for that part of our voice want to use for that part of our voice pipeline. And then just a couple of pipeline. And then just a couple of pipeline. And then just a couple of development settings. And so the live development settings. And so the live development settings. And so the live kit command will actually recognize the kit command will actually recognize the kit command will actually recognize the values we have in thev.ample and it'll values we have in thev.ample and it'll values we have in thev.ample and it'll set all of those with us. And then these set all of those with us. And then these set all of those with us. And then these three at the top for our live kit three at the top for our live kit three at the top for our live kit authentication. It actually does that authentication. It actually does that authentication. It actually does that automatically under the hood because we automatically under the hood because we automatically under the hood because we already did our authentication. already did our authentication. already did our authentication. And so I'm going to set these values off And so I'm going to set these values off And so I'm going to set these values off camerara. Like you can see I just like camerara. Like you can see I just like camerara. Like you can see I just like set this and then I set my deep API key. set this and then I set my deep API key. set this and then I set my deep API key. I'll set all of these off camera and I'll set all of these off camera and I'll set all of these off camera and I'll come back once that is done. All I'll come back once that is done. All I'll come back once that is done. All right, all my environment variables are right, all my environment variables are right, all my environment variables are entered. We are good to go. This will entered. We are good to go. This will entered. We are good to go. This will create av.local create av.local create av.local file. Just make sure that you rename it file. Just make sure that you rename it file. Just make sure that you rename it to env. And then moving on, the next to env. And then moving on, the next to env. And then moving on, the next thing that we can do is start our agent. thing that we can do is start our agent. thing that we can do is start our agent. So we have to run the start command So we have to run the start command So we have to run the start command first before we can run the deploy first before we can run the deploy first before we can run the deploy command because this sets up some command because this sets up some command because this sets up some configuration under the hood. So, I'm configuration under the hood. So, I'm configuration under the hood. So, I'm going to go ahead and copy this command. going to go ahead and copy this command. going to go ahead and copy this command. Go back into my terminal here and Go back into my terminal here and Go back into my terminal here and execute it. There we go. And so, once we execute it. There we go. And so, once we execute it. There we go. And so, once we run this start and it loads everything, run this start and it loads everything, run this start and it loads everything, then we can immediately exit out here. then we can immediately exit out here. then we can immediately exit out here. So, just control or command C to exit So, just control or command C to exit So, just control or command C to exit out in the terminal. And then we can go out in the terminal. And then we can go out in the terminal. And then we can go to create our agent. So, last time back to create our agent. So, last time back to create our agent. So, last time back into our terminal here, I deleted my into our terminal here, I deleted my into our terminal here, I deleted my previous agent because on the free tier previous agent because on the free tier previous agent because on the free tier I can only have one. So, I'll do lk I can only have one. So, I'll do lk I can only have one. So, I'll do lk agent create. There we go. So, it'll agent create. There we go. So, it'll agent create. There we go. So, it'll have us use the org that we have us use the org that we have us use the org that we authenticated with. We can select our authenticated with. We can select our authenticated with. We can select our ENV file for our secrets. And we will ENV file for our secrets. And we will ENV file for our secrets. And we will select the agent that we want to deploy, select the agent that we want to deploy, select the agent that we want to deploy, which I'm going to do the basic agent in which I'm going to do the basic agent in which I'm going to do the basic agent in this case with just all the mock tool this case with just all the mock tool this case with just all the mock tool calls because we can't use the MCP calls because we can't use the MCP calls because we can't use the MCP server remotely. And there we go. Now, server remotely. And there we go. Now, server remotely. And there we go. Now, it's going to go ahead and create the it's going to go ahead and create the it's going to go ahead and create the Docker file and deploy everything to the Docker file and deploy everything to the Docker file and deploy everything to the LiveKit cloud and will be immediately LiveKit cloud and will be immediately LiveKit cloud and will be immediately usable for us. So, I'll pause and come usable for us. So, I'll pause and come usable for us. So, I'll pause and come back again once we have that ready to back again once we have that ready to back again once we have that ready to go. All right, our agent is now deployed go. All right, our agent is now deployed go. All right, our agent is now deployed and we can also see it within our cloud and we can also see it within our cloud and we can also see it within our cloud dashboard as well. And now going into dashboard as well. And now going into dashboard as well. And now going into our playground, which I'll link to this our playground, which I'll link to this our playground, which I'll link to this in the description as well. We can in the description as well. We can in the description as well. We can immediately test talking to our LiveKit immediately test talking to our LiveKit immediately test talking to our LiveKit agent in the browser. So we just have to agent in the browser. So we just have to agent in the browser. So we just have to select our organization and it select our organization and it select our organization and it automatically connects us to the agent automatically connects us to the agent automatically connects us to the agent that we just deployed through the CLI. that we just deployed through the CLI. that we just deployed through the CLI. Take a look at this. Take a look at this. Take a look at this. &gt;&gt; I can assist you with Airbnb related &gt;&gt; I can assist you with Airbnb related &gt;&gt; I can assist you with Airbnb related request. request. request. &gt;&gt; Go ahead and find me the top Airbnb in &gt;&gt; Go ahead and find me the top Airbnb in &gt;&gt; Go ahead and find me the top Airbnb in San Francisco. San Francisco. San Francisco. &gt;&gt; The top Airbnbs in San Francisco are one &gt;&gt; The top Airbnbs in San Francisco are one &gt;&gt; The top Airbnbs in San Francisco are one cozy downtown loft. cozy downtown loft. cozy downtown loft. &gt;&gt; Stop it here. We obviously got the same &gt;&gt; Stop it here. We obviously got the same &gt;&gt; Stop it here. We obviously got the same answer that we did running things answer that we did running things answer that we did running things locally. So we now have our agent pretty locally. So we now have our agent pretty locally. So we now have our agent pretty much in a production environment and you much in a production environment and you much in a production environment and you can even go so far as to take advantage can even go so far as to take advantage can even go so far as to take advantage of their telephone integrations. You can of their telephone integrations. You can of their telephone integrations. You can have a phone number for your agent and have a phone number for your agent and have a phone number for your agent and that really is the end goal for most that really is the end goal for most that really is the end goal for most voice agents. Not going to cover it voice agents. Not going to cover it voice agents. Not going to cover it here, but let me know if you'd want me here, but let me know if you'd want me here, but let me know if you'd want me to do a separate video covering this to do a separate video covering this to do a separate video covering this integration for LiveKit. Really taking integration for LiveKit. Really taking integration for LiveKit. Really taking it further. There's a lot of other it further. There's a lot of other it further. There's a lot of other things that I could cover as well, like things that I could cover as well, like things that I could cover as well, like multi- aent workflows within LiveKit, multi- aent workflows within LiveKit, multi- aent workflows within LiveKit, advanced tool integrations, so many more advanced tool integrations, so many more advanced tool integrations, so many more ideas that I have. So, let me know in ideas that I have. So, let me know in ideas that I have. So, let me know in the comments what you'd want me to cover the comments what you'd want me to cover the comments what you'd want me to cover for LiveKit next. I definitely want to for LiveKit next. I definitely want to for LiveKit next. I definitely want to do more content for LiveKit because I'm do more content for LiveKit because I'm do more content for LiveKit because I'm just blown away everything we're able to just blown away everything we're able to just blown away everything we're able to build so easily and customize things build so easily and customize things build so easily and customize things because it is all Python code. So, if because it is all Python code. So, if because it is all Python code. So, if you appreciate this video and you're you appreciate this video and you're you appreciate this video and you're looking forward to more things on voice looking forward to more things on voice looking forward to more things on voice agents and AI agents in general, I would agents and AI agents in general, I would agents and AI agents in general, I would really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you in the next
