Title: Cursor + Browser control = Self improving coding agent
Channel: AI Jason
======================================================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] I've been using Playright MCP for the I've been using Playright MCP for the I've been using Playright MCP for the past few days to get cursor self-improve past few days to get cursor self-improve past few days to get cursor self-improve the UI and application and become my the UI and application and become my the UI and application and become my automated QA assistant that can run automated QA assistant that can run automated QA assistant that can run sophisticated testings by itself. So sophisticated testings by itself. So sophisticated testings by itself. So today I want to show you what my today I want to show you what my today I want to show you what my workflow is and how can you adopt it for workflow is and how can you adopt it for workflow is and how can you adopt it for your own project. Nowadays you normally your own project. Nowadays you normally your own project. Nowadays you normally hear playright for those browser agent hear playright for those browser agent hear playright for those browser agent but initially it is introduced to do but initially it is introduced to do but initially it is introduced to do endtoend testing for web applications. endtoend testing for web applications. endtoend testing for web applications. It can simulate browser interaction like It can simulate browser interaction like It can simulate browser interaction like text input, mouse click, scrolling the text input, mouse click, scrolling the text input, mouse click, scrolling the page and extract data so that we can page and extract data so that we can page and extract data so that we can actually write some scripts to simulate actually write some scripts to simulate actually write some scripts to simulate how a real user going to interact with how a real user going to interact with how a real user going to interact with the website. For example, I might want the website. For example, I might want the website. For example, I might want to build a task for the normal sign up to build a task for the normal sign up to build a task for the normal sign up and check out flow for the AI builder and check out flow for the AI builder and check out flow for the AI builder club where user should be able to click club where user should be able to click club where user should be able to click a button, type in the email address, a button, type in the email address, a button, type in the email address, joining, receive the code and log to the joining, receive the code and log to the joining, receive the code and log to the platform. To do that, I can just write a platform. To do that, I can just write a platform. To do that, I can just write a test script with playright where it can test script with playright where it can test script with playright where it can open the browser, go to the website URL, open the browser, go to the website URL, open the browser, go to the website URL, click on the sign up button, type in the click on the sign up button, type in the click on the sign up button, type in the email address and clicking on the email address and clicking on the email address and clicking on the button. In the end, we can validate if button. In the end, we can validate if button. In the end, we can validate if the user actually receive the code to the user actually receive the code to the user actually receive the code to login. And this test can be run every login. And this test can be run every login. And this test can be run every time before I try to push some change to time before I try to push some change to time before I try to push some change to the production code. So you can capture the production code. So you can capture the production code. So you can capture arrow before it goes to production. And arrow before it goes to production. And arrow before it goes to production. And this all sounds great. But building test this all sounds great. But building test this all sounds great. But building test is not exactly fun part of building is not exactly fun part of building is not exactly fun part of building software. To build those kind of testing software. To build those kind of testing software. To build those kind of testing script, you normally need to build very script, you normally need to build very script, you normally need to build very specific letters to be able to identify specific letters to be able to identify specific letters to be able to identify UI elements by using CSS or XP pass. UI elements by using CSS or XP pass. UI elements by using CSS or XP pass. Even though there are tools like cogen Even though there are tools like cogen Even though there are tools like cogen which is feature from playright that which is feature from playright that which is feature from playright that allow you to do a command line like this allow you to do a command line like this allow you to do a command line like this which will open up the browser as well which will open up the browser as well which will open up the browser as well as a recorder on the right side so that as a recorder on the right side so that as a recorder on the right side so that you can just click through the UI flow you can just click through the UI flow you can just click through the UI flow like how a real user going to do and on like how a real user going to do and on like how a real user going to do and on the right side it will automatically the right side it will automatically the right side it will automatically capture and generating the testing code capture and generating the testing code capture and generating the testing code for you based on action you taken but for you based on action you taken but for you based on action you taken but still it is quite a manual process and still it is quite a manual process and still it is quite a manual process and if you change the elements or layout of if you change the elements or layout of if you change the elements or layout of the web location this test going to the web location this test going to the web location this test going to break and you need to update your test break and you need to update your test break and you need to update your test again but playright released its own MC again but playright released its own MC again but playright released its own MC CP it basically give cursor agent access CP it basically give cursor agent access CP it basically give cursor agent access to the browser and that means a few to the browser and that means a few to the browser and that means a few things. One is that instead of you things. One is that instead of you things. One is that instead of you defining very static test yourself. You defining very static test yourself. You defining very static test yourself. You can get cursor to use playrite to run can get cursor to use playrite to run can get cursor to use playrite to run the browser and become your QA tester. the browser and become your QA tester. the browser and become your QA tester. On the other side because cursor now has On the other side because cursor now has On the other side because cursor now has access to the web browser. It can see access to the web browser. It can see access to the web browser. It can see what is going on on the web page what is going on on the web page what is going on on the web page identify any UI bugs or flaw in the flow identify any UI bugs or flaw in the flow identify any UI bugs or flaw in the flow and selfiterate until the application and selfiterate until the application and selfiterate until the application works exactly like what expected. And works exactly like what expected. And works exactly like what expected. And this to me is such a gamecher. It open this to me is such a gamecher. It open this to me is such a gamecher. It open up so much possibilities. You can even up so much possibilities. You can even up so much possibilities. You can even turn cursor into a general web scripper turn cursor into a general web scripper turn cursor into a general web scripper where you can open the browser, take a where you can open the browser, take a where you can open the browser, take a snapshot of content available on the snapshot of content available on the snapshot of content available on the page and do complex interaction with web page and do complex interaction with web page and do complex interaction with web page to get specific information that page to get specific information that page to get specific information that you want. So today I'm going to tell you you want. So today I'm going to tell you you want. So today I'm going to tell you what are different ways you can utilize what are different ways you can utilize what are different ways you can utilize playrite mcp to do automated testing and playrite mcp to do automated testing and playrite mcp to do automated testing and get cursor to self fixing the issue. But get cursor to self fixing the issue. But get cursor to self fixing the issue. But before we dive into that, I know many of before we dive into that, I know many of before we dive into that, I know many of you are building AI applications or you are building AI applications or you are building AI applications or integrating AI into your own business. integrating AI into your own business. integrating AI into your own business. And choosing the right model, prompting And choosing the right model, prompting And choosing the right model, prompting techniques is often a challenging task techniques is often a challenging task techniques is often a challenging task since there's so many new stuff every since there's so many new stuff every since there's so many new stuff every month. That's why I want to introduce month. That's why I want to introduce month. That's why I want to introduce you to this free playbook from Mind you to this free playbook from Mind you to this free playbook from Mind Stream. It breaks down everything from Stream. It breaks down everything from Stream. It breaks down everything from which AI model is best for which task to which AI model is best for which task to which AI model is best for which task to advanced prompting frameworks like GRWC advanced prompting frameworks like GRWC advanced prompting frameworks like GRWC that can boost your results up to 55%. A that can boost your results up to 55%. A that can boost your results up to 55%. A feature compare top models like GB4.5, feature compare top models like GB4.5, feature compare top models like GB4.5, cloud 3.7, work 3 plus practical tips on cloud 3.7, work 3 plus practical tips on cloud 3.7, work 3 plus practical tips on using specialized model for business using specialized model for business using specialized model for business tasks like how cloud 3.7 sonnet is best tasks like how cloud 3.7 sonnet is best tasks like how cloud 3.7 sonnet is best for sortful analysis across long for sortful analysis across long for sortful analysis across long documents while mix large focus on mass documents while mix large focus on mass documents while mix large focus on mass problems. So no more guessing work about problems. So no more guessing work about problems. So no more guessing work about which model fits your specific task which model fits your specific task which model fits your specific task best. And what I love the most is there best. And what I love the most is there best. And what I love the most is there are advanced prompting frameworks and are advanced prompting frameworks and are advanced prompting frameworks and power techniques for better prompts. power techniques for better prompts. power techniques for better prompts. Those are exact strategies that I use Those are exact strategies that I use Those are exact strategies that I use when working with AI to create better when working with AI to create better when working with AI to create better code and automate testing workflows. code and automate testing workflows. code and automate testing workflows. Those frameworks and techniques Those frameworks and techniques Those frameworks and techniques transform mediocre outputs into transform mediocre outputs into transform mediocre outputs into exceptional ones and can be applied for exceptional ones and can be applied for exceptional ones and can be applied for scenario like prompting turser to use scenario like prompting turser to use scenario like prompting turser to use playright MCP to do automated testing playright MCP to do automated testing playright MCP to do automated testing better and you can download this better and you can download this better and you can download this playbook for free. I have put a link in playbook for free. I have put a link in playbook for free. I have put a link in the description below so you can click the description below so you can click the description below so you can click and check out. And now let's get back to and check out. And now let's get back to and check out. And now let's get back to how you can use playright MCP. Firstly, how you can use playright MCP. Firstly, how you can use playright MCP. Firstly, let's set up the playright MCP. So to let's set up the playright MCP. So to let's set up the playright MCP. So to use playright MCP, you actually can't use playright MCP, you actually can't use playright MCP, you actually can't use the latest version for now because use the latest version for now because use the latest version for now because the latest version somehow has some the latest version somehow has some the latest version somehow has some issues. I will go to the mpm package. issues. I will go to the mpm package. issues. I will go to the mpm package. The last version that I found quite The last version that I found quite The last version that I found quite stable is this stable is this stable is this 0.0.2. So if you go to cursor at mcp 0.0.2. So if you go to cursor at mcp 0.0.2. So if you go to cursor at mcp this is setup I will have. So playright this is setup I will have. So playright this is setup I will have. So playright and run mpx at and run mpx at and run mpx at playright/mcp at playright/mcp at playright/mcp at 0.0.2. And there are also some 0.0.2. And there are also some 0.0.2. And there are also some additional configurations I have here. additional configurations I have here. additional configurations I have here. One is this d-config to a specific One is this d-config to a specific One is this d-config to a specific configuration file that I created here. configuration file that I created here. configuration file that I created here. So playright allow you to define So playright allow you to define So playright allow you to define configuration file that including all configuration file that including all configuration file that including all the different settings you have like the different settings you have like the different settings you have like which type of browser it should be using which type of browser it should be using which type of browser it should be using what are device it should simulate the what are device it should simulate the what are device it should simulate the user profile and whether should be using user profile and whether should be using user profile and whether should be using vision stuff like that. I specifically vision stuff like that. I specifically vision stuff like that. I specifically use this because I have a few different use this because I have a few different use this because I have a few different settings that I often use to making sure settings that I often use to making sure settings that I often use to making sure it can go through certain website that it can go through certain website that it can go through certain website that has anti-bot setup like those special has anti-bot setup like those special has anti-bot setup like those special arguments the user agent initial arguments the user agent initial arguments the user agent initial scripts. If you're interested you can scripts. If you're interested you can scripts. If you're interested you can join the AI builder club. I have join the AI builder club. I have join the AI builder club. I have specific content that dive deep into how specific content that dive deep into how specific content that dive deep into how to handle antibboard setup as well as to handle antibboard setup as well as to handle antibboard setup as well as website that require login and website that require login and website that require login and authentications. I have put a link in authentications. I have put a link in authentications. I have put a link in the description below for you to join. the description below for you to join. the description below for you to join. So for this specific case, I will create So for this specific case, I will create So for this specific case, I will create this config file and do d-config and this config file and do d-config and this config file and do d-config and point to this specific file. I also do point to this specific file. I also do point to this specific file. I also do d-vision to turn on the vision ability d-vision to turn on the vision ability d-vision to turn on the vision ability so that cursor can actually see what's so that cursor can actually see what's so that cursor can actually see what's going on the web page. And I will going on the web page. And I will going on the web page. And I will actually create two different MCP actually create two different MCP actually create two different MCP servers, one with vision, one without servers, one with vision, one without servers, one with vision, one without vision. That's because vision model is vision. That's because vision model is vision. That's because vision model is particularly good at certain scenario particularly good at certain scenario particularly good at certain scenario like when you wanted to view what's like when you wanted to view what's like when you wanted to view what's going on the page and iterate the UI but going on the page and iterate the UI but going on the page and iterate the UI but it is less good at allocated specific it is less good at allocated specific it is less good at allocated specific position to click or UI elements to position to click or UI elements to position to click or UI elements to interact with and that is quite interact with and that is quite interact with and that is quite essential when you want playright to do essential when you want playright to do essential when you want playright to do the testing. So I will have another MCP the testing. So I will have another MCP the testing. So I will have another MCP called playright test which don't have called playright test which don't have called playright test which don't have the vision model. And now when I go back the vision model. And now when I go back the vision model. And now when I go back to MCP I can see there are two MCPS to MCP I can see there are two MCPS to MCP I can see there are two MCPS added at any given time I will just turn added at any given time I will just turn added at any given time I will just turn on one of them and firstly I will use on one of them and firstly I will use on one of them and firstly I will use the one with vision model to show you the one with vision model to show you the one with vision model to show you how can you use playright to run the how can you use playright to run the how can you use playright to run the application look at UI and self iterate application look at UI and self iterate application look at UI and self iterate to improve the interface. So here we to improve the interface. So here we to improve the interface. So here we have a basic to-do app the UI individual have a basic to-do app the UI individual have a basic to-do app the UI individual component looks actually pretty good but component looks actually pretty good but component looks actually pretty good but altogether just something looks a bit altogether just something looks a bit altogether just something looks a bit off. This is a very common scenario when off. This is a very common scenario when off. This is a very common scenario when you do AI coding. It's that 20 or 30% you do AI coding. It's that 20 or 30% you do AI coding. It's that 20 or 30% missing that makes the UI just not as missing that makes the UI just not as missing that makes the UI just not as sleek. So I'm going to give prompt. sleek. So I'm going to give prompt. sleek. So I'm going to give prompt. Please use playright MCP to view the UI. Please use playright MCP to view the UI. Please use playright MCP to view the UI. Identify area to improve for UI and Identify area to improve for UI and Identify area to improve for UI and iterate it until it looks perfect. And iterate it until it looks perfect. And iterate it until it looks perfect. And here I just put a small text here. Make here I just put a small text here. Make here I just put a small text here. Make sure the width of browser in MCP to be sure the width of browser in MCP to be sure the width of browser in MCP to be 700 pixel so it's easier for me to just 700 pixel so it's easier for me to just 700 pixel so it's easier for me to just show you guys side by side. So it will show you guys side by side. So it will show you guys side by side. So it will open the browser and resize to be open the browser and resize to be open the browser and resize to be smaller one as you can see here. Then it smaller one as you can see here. Then it smaller one as you can see here. Then it will do this browser screen capture to will do this browser screen capture to will do this browser screen capture to look at what's on the UI here. then look at what's on the UI here. then look at what's on the UI here. then start doing the iterations. The first start doing the iterations. The first start doing the iterations. The first thing you would do is try to refine the thing you would do is try to refine the thing you would do is try to refine the car spacing and input field. So spacing car spacing and input field. So spacing car spacing and input field. So spacing does look a little bit better especially does look a little bit better especially does look a little bit better especially around this part of UI. So it change to around this part of UI. So it change to around this part of UI. So it change to something like this which does actually something like this which does actually something like this which does actually looks better. And the last bit is that looks better. And the last bit is that looks better. And the last bit is that the task item background and spacing the task item background and spacing the task item background and spacing could be adjusted for even more notion could be adjusted for even more notion could be adjusted for even more notion style and we could improve alignment. style and we could improve alignment. style and we could improve alignment. Cool. So after a few rounds of iteration Cool. So after a few rounds of iteration Cool. So after a few rounds of iteration and feedback, the UI is a lot more clean and feedback, the UI is a lot more clean and feedback, the UI is a lot more clean now. much better than what we have now. much better than what we have now. much better than what we have before. And this is all thanks to before. And this is all thanks to before. And this is all thanks to Playright MCP ability to look at a Playright MCP ability to look at a Playright MCP ability to look at a screenshots directly and make more screenshots directly and make more screenshots directly and make more accurate iterations. Next, let's talk accurate iterations. Next, let's talk accurate iterations. Next, let's talk about how to use Playright MCP to do about how to use Playright MCP to do about how to use Playright MCP to do automated UI testing. Let's assume I automated UI testing. Let's assume I automated UI testing. Let's assume I just turn this to-do app into a fully just turn this to-do app into a fully just turn this to-do app into a fully functional application that requires functional application that requires functional application that requires some login and once people log in, they some login and once people log in, they some login and once people log in, they can start adding to-do tasks like can start adding to-do tasks like can start adding to-do tasks like prepare the scripts. Assume the testing prepare the scripts. Assume the testing prepare the scripts. Assume the testing we want to do is we want to making sure we want to do is we want to making sure we want to do is we want to making sure the login authentication works and we the login authentication works and we the login authentication works and we also want to test whether users can add also want to test whether users can add also want to test whether users can add task successfully and meanwhile I also task successfully and meanwhile I also task successfully and meanwhile I also add this cursor rules. So our give add this cursor rules. So our give add this cursor rules. So our give prompt we have a simple to-do app set up prompt we have a simple to-do app set up prompt we have a simple to-do app set up in NexJS. Now let's test application in NexJS. Now let's test application in NexJS. Now let's test application using the playright MCP. Firstly let's using the playright MCP. Firstly let's using the playright MCP. Firstly let's test if you can login successfully and test if you can login successfully and test if you can login successfully and then test if users can successfully add then test if users can successfully add then test if users can successfully add to-dos and mark things as completed. So to-dos and mark things as completed. So to-dos and mark things as completed. So you can see it first they try to inject you can see it first they try to inject you can see it first they try to inject the rules that we just written here the rules that we just written here the rules that we just written here which is two specific things one is that which is two specific things one is that which is two specific things one is that making sure you always resize screen to making sure you always resize screen to making sure you always resize screen to this way so it's easier for us to view this way so it's easier for us to view this way so it's easier for us to view and also the select tab index start from and also the select tab index start from and also the select tab index start from one instead of zero so this is one kind one instead of zero so this is one kind one instead of zero so this is one kind of problem I often see they have for of problem I often see they have for of problem I often see they have for some reason it keep failing to focus on some reason it keep failing to focus on some reason it keep failing to focus on the specific input and I think this is the specific input and I think this is the specific input and I think this is because we are using the vision which is because we are using the vision which is because we are using the vision which is great for UI iterations but not as great great for UI iterations but not as great great for UI iterations but not as great for doing the tests. I'm going to for doing the tests. I'm going to for doing the tests. I'm going to disable the original one but use a disable the original one but use a disable the original one but use a playright test instead. And just to playright test instead. And just to playright test instead. And just to making sure I also restart the cursor making sure I also restart the cursor making sure I also restart the cursor and it successfully put in the email and and it successfully put in the email and and it successfully put in the email and password sign in and then start testing password sign in and then start testing password sign in and then start testing adding the tasks change the label. Click adding the tasks change the label. Click adding the tasks change the label. Click add and the task has been added and I add and the task has been added and I add and the task has been added and I also check if the show complete function also check if the show complete function also check if the show complete function works as well. Great. This you can see works as well. Great. This you can see works as well. Great. This you can see it's pretty sophisticated. It did pretty it's pretty sophisticated. It did pretty it's pretty sophisticated. It did pretty complex test flow. What's really really complex test flow. What's really really complex test flow. What's really really cool is that obviously this test is cool is that obviously this test is cool is that obviously this test is really smart but it does consume token really smart but it does consume token really smart but it does consume token and credits every time because it is and credits every time because it is and credits every time because it is going through live learning model to going through live learning model to going through live learning model to make it reusable every time. I think make it reusable every time. I think make it reusable every time. I think there are two approaches. One is that there are two approaches. One is that there are two approaches. One is that since this prompt already works you can since this prompt already works you can since this prompt already works you can create a folder called tests and then create a folder called tests and then create a folder called tests and then just save all those test prompts and just save all those test prompts and just save all those test prompts and every time it just goes through this every time it just goes through this every time it just goes through this flow to do the tests as a AI agent but flow to do the tests as a AI agent but flow to do the tests as a AI agent but obviously the downside of that is that obviously the downside of that is that obviously the downside of that is that it does cost money. So what you can also it does cost money. So what you can also it does cost money. So what you can also do is that give it a prompt after it do is that give it a prompt after it do is that give it a prompt after it successfully complete the flow that you successfully complete the flow that you successfully complete the flow that you expected and then say now let's create a expected and then say now let's create a expected and then say now let's create a reusable playright UI test based on the reusable playright UI test based on the reusable playright UI test based on the flow above so I can run as automated flow above so I can run as automated flow above so I can run as automated test every time. So it will install test every time. So it will install test every time. So it will install playright test set up the playright playright test set up the playright playright test set up the playright configuration which will store the configuration which will store the configuration which will store the information about which URL to go what's information about which URL to go what's information about which URL to go what's the browser it should be using for the browser it should be using for the browser it should be using for testing and then it create a UI test testing and then it create a UI test testing and then it create a UI test that we can use and now you can see it that we can use and now you can see it that we can use and now you can see it write a bunch of different tests for write a bunch of different tests for write a bunch of different tests for testing logging and adding tasks testing logging and adding tasks testing logging and adding tasks complete tasks and then it tried to run complete tasks and then it tried to run complete tasks and then it tried to run the test itself which it passed but the test itself which it passed but the test itself which it passed but three of them failed I can just prompt three of them failed I can just prompt three of them failed I can just prompt it to continue which will reflect what it to continue which will reflect what it to continue which will reflect what are the arrows in the test and update are the arrows in the test and update are the arrows in the test and update the test here. Now all the tests has the test here. Now all the tests has the test here. Now all the tests has been written for your to-do app and it been written for your to-do app and it been written for your to-do app and it also have a raid me that including how also have a raid me that including how also have a raid me that including how to run those tests. It even create a to run those tests. It even create a to run those tests. It even create a GitHub action that if you push this GitHub action that if you push this GitHub action that if you push this ripple to GitHub every time when you ripple to GitHub every time when you ripple to GitHub every time when you want to merge some new change to your want to merge some new change to your want to merge some new change to your GitHub repo, it will has to go through GitHub repo, it will has to go through GitHub repo, it will has to go through those tests and only after those tests those tests and only after those tests those tests and only after those tests are passed then you will be able to push are passed then you will be able to push are passed then you will be able to push to production which will makes whole to production which will makes whole to production which will makes whole process fairly automated and all you process fairly automated and all you process fairly automated and all you need to do is really just open the need to do is really just open the need to do is really just open the terminal. If you want to test manually, terminal. If you want to test manually, terminal. If you want to test manually, all you need to do just run this mpm run all you need to do just run this mpm run all you need to do just run this mpm run test end to end and it'll just test end to end and it'll just test end to end and it'll just automatically run through all those task automatically run through all those task automatically run through all those task and tell you if they pass or not. So and tell you if they pass or not. So and tell you if they pass or not. So this is how you can use playr MCP to do this is how you can use playr MCP to do this is how you can use playr MCP to do more AIdriven tests either using large more AIdriven tests either using large more AIdriven tests either using large range model agent or let articulate the range model agent or let articulate the range model agent or let articulate the specific testing scripts that you can specific testing scripts that you can specific testing scripts that you can use for any new changes that you are use for any new changes that you are use for any new changes that you are trying to push in production. If you're trying to push in production. If you're trying to push in production. If you're interested, you can join the AI build interested, you can join the AI build interested, you can join the AI build club where I have step-by-step setup club where I have step-by-step setup club where I have step-by-step setup guide for everything I show in this guide for everything I show in this guide for everything I show in this video. a more in-depth course of how to video. a more in-depth course of how to video. a more in-depth course of how to best set up to avoid antibbot as well as best set up to avoid antibbot as well as best set up to avoid antibbot as well as website that require login and website that require login and website that require login and authentications alongside with many authentications alongside with many authentications alongside with many other in-depth content from either me or other in-depth content from either me or other in-depth content from either me or other industry experts I talked to other industry experts I talked to other industry experts I talked to around AI coding and building large around AI coding and building large around AI coding and building large language model applications in language model applications in language model applications in production. And we also provide premium production. And we also provide premium production. And we also provide premium tool that will really bootstrap your AI tool that will really bootstrap your AI tool that will really bootstrap your AI coding process like a platform that coding process like a platform that coding process like a platform that convert your ideas into a product convert your ideas into a product convert your ideas into a product requirement dot that can steer AI coding requirement dot that can steer AI coding requirement dot that can steer AI coding agent better as well as launch kit that agent better as well as launch kit that agent better as well as launch kit that already set up the authentication already set up the authentication already set up the authentication superbase and stripe. But most superbase and stripe. But most superbase and stripe. But most importantly, you'll be joining a importantly, you'll be joining a importantly, you'll be joining a community of top AI builders who are community of top AI builders who are community of top AI builders who are launching and building their own AI launching and building their own AI launching and building their own AI startups who might already have the startups who might already have the startups who might already have the answer to the challenge that you are answer to the challenge that you are answer to the challenge that you are facing today. I have put the link in the facing today. I have put the link in the facing today. I have put the link in the description below for you to join. I description below for you to join. I description below for you to join. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you and I see you next
