Title: Gemini Agent Mode： NEW Powerful Autonomous AI Coding Agent Can Build ANYTHING & IS FULLY FREE!
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

The Google DeepMind team has been The Google DeepMind team has been The Google DeepMind team has been absolutely on fire recently, rolling out absolutely on fire recently, rolling out absolutely on fire recently, rolling out with major enhancements across all of with major enhancements across all of with major enhancements across all of its product lines. Take Google AI Studio its product lines. Take Google AI Studio its product lines. Take Google AI Studio for example. It's practically a fully for example. It's practically a fully for example. It's practically a fully free AI coding agent that you can access free AI coding agent that you can access free AI coding agent that you can access right now that lets you build and right now that lets you build and right now that lets you build and generate any AI app instantly connected generate any AI app instantly connected generate any AI app instantly connected to the Gemini SDK. This is just one of to the Gemini SDK. This is just one of to the Gemini SDK. This is just one of many AI coding tools Google is pushing many AI coding tools Google is pushing many AI coding tools Google is pushing to completely supercharge your developer to completely supercharge your developer to completely supercharge your developer workflow. But here's the bigger picture. workflow. But here's the bigger picture. workflow. But here's the bigger picture. It looks like the Google Deep Mind team It looks like the Google Deep Mind team It looks like the Google Deep Mind team is preparing all their tools for is preparing all their tools for is preparing all their tools for something huge. The launch of their something huge. The launch of their something huge. The launch of their newest state-of-the-art model, Gemini newest state-of-the-art model, Gemini newest state-of-the-art model, Gemini 3.0, which could be releasing this week. 3.0, which could be releasing this week. 3.0, which could be releasing this week. And to support it, they have been And to support it, they have been And to support it, they have been rapidly enhancing all their tools like rapidly enhancing all their tools like rapidly enhancing all their tools like Google Code Assist, which is adding a Google Code Assist, which is adding a Google Code Assist, which is adding a brand new Asia mode that can transform brand new Asia mode that can transform brand new Asia mode that can transform it into a fully autonomous AI coding it into a fully autonomous AI coding it into a fully autonomous AI coding agent that's capable of practically agent that's capable of practically agent that's capable of practically doing anything for you right inside your doing anything for you right inside your doing anything for you right inside your IDE, whether it's VS Code, Cursor, or IDE, whether it's VS Code, Cursor, or IDE, whether it's VS Code, Cursor, or even Jet Brains. And the wildest part is even Jet Brains. And the wildest part is even Jet Brains. And the wildest part is it's fully free. Think of it as having it's fully free. Think of it as having it's fully free. Think of it as having client or root code built into Google's client or root code built into Google's client or root code built into Google's ecosystem, but even more deeply ecosystem, but even more deeply ecosystem, but even more deeply integrated. But essentially, the agent integrated. But essentially, the agent integrated. But essentially, the agent mode in Google's Gemini code assist is a mode in Google's Gemini code assist is a mode in Google's Gemini code assist is a new feature that turns it into a new feature that turns it into a new feature that turns it into a collaborative autonomous coding agent collaborative autonomous coding agent collaborative autonomous coding agent inside your ID. Instead of just writing inside your ID. Instead of just writing inside your ID. Instead of just writing step-by-step changes yourself, you can step-by-step changes yourself, you can step-by-step changes yourself, you can simply describe your goal, and Gemini simply describe your goal, and Gemini simply describe your goal, and Gemini generates a detailed plan. It can handle generates a detailed plan. It can handle generates a detailed plan. It can handle multi-step edits, use full project multi-step edits, use full project multi-step edits, use full project context, and integrate with tools while context, and integrate with tools while context, and integrate with tools while keeping you in control. It also has the keeping you in control. It also has the keeping you in control. It also has the ability to run terminalbased commands, ability to run terminalbased commands, ability to run terminalbased commands, streamline all the edits live in action, streamline all the edits live in action, streamline all the edits live in action, and exactly like how PL would do it. and exactly like how PL would do it. and exactly like how PL would do it. Before we get started, I just want to Before we get started, I just want to Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should definitely go mention that you should definitely go mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI ahead and subscribe to the world of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. different newsletters on a weekly basis. So this is where you can easily get So this is where you can easily get So this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So definitely happening in the AI space. So definitely happening in the AI space. So definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is go ahead and subscribe as this is go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. But they also completely for free. But they also completely for free. But they also introduced a lot of improvements since introduced a lot of improvements since introduced a lot of improvements since they initially released agent mode. It's they initially released agent mode. It's they initially released agent mode. It's not something that's super new, but they not something that's super new, but they not something that's super new, but they have improved a lot of functionalities have improved a lot of functionalities have improved a lot of functionalities of it like the ability to add code of it like the ability to add code of it like the ability to add code snippets into the chat context. They're snippets into the chat context. They're snippets into the chat context. They're actually removing the code assist tools actually removing the code assist tools actually removing the code assist tools because they're going to keep agent mode because they're going to keep agent mode because they're going to keep agent mode as the main function for that extension. as the main function for that extension. as the main function for that extension. There's new abilities like next edit There's new abilities like next edit There's new abilities like next edit predictions. It is also something that predictions. It is also something that predictions. It is also something that has inline diffs which is generally has inline diffs which is generally has inline diffs which is generally available and a lot of other things available and a lot of other things available and a lot of other things which we'll take a look at throughout which we'll take a look at throughout which we'll take a look at throughout today's video. But one of the main today's video. But one of the main today's video. But one of the main issues that we saw with coticus before issues that we saw with coticus before issues that we saw with coticus before was its limits. But now they have was its limits. But now they have was its limits. But now they have increased higher limits on the free tier increased higher limits on the free tier increased higher limits on the free tier where you can access the Gemini 2.5 Pro. where you can access the Gemini 2.5 Pro. where you can access the Gemini 2.5 Pro. But if you're looking to get even more But if you're looking to get even more But if you're looking to get even more limits, you can obviously subscribe to limits, you can obviously subscribe to limits, you can obviously subscribe to their Gemini Pro plans, which I believe their Gemini Pro plans, which I believe their Gemini Pro plans, which I believe is something that is worth it cuz you is something that is worth it cuz you is something that is worth it cuz you can access a lot of different suite of can access a lot of different suite of can access a lot of different suite of tools a part of Google. Now, if you're tools a part of Google. Now, if you're tools a part of Google. Now, if you're looking to get started, it's super looking to get started, it's super looking to get started, it's super simple. Head over to the Gemini Code simple. Head over to the Gemini Code simple. Head over to the Gemini Code Assist website, which I'll leave a link Assist website, which I'll leave a link Assist website, which I'll leave a link to in the description below. Click on to in the description below. Click on to in the description below. Click on try now and you can easily install it try now and you can easily install it try now and you can easily install it for VS code or for Jet Brains. It's for VS code or for Jet Brains. It's for VS code or for Jet Brains. It's essentially extension and I'm going to essentially extension and I'm going to essentially extension and I'm going to be installing it in VS Code. So you can be installing it in VS Code. So you can be installing it in VS Code. So you can simply click on install and you can open simply click on install and you can open simply click on install and you can open up the Visual Studio Code marketplace. up the Visual Studio Code marketplace. up the Visual Studio Code marketplace. Now once it has opened up you can click Now once it has opened up you can click Now once it has opened up you can click on install and then it should show up on install and then it should show up on install and then it should show up within the lefthand panel over here. within the lefthand panel over here. within the lefthand panel over here. Then you can simply go ahead and click Then you can simply go ahead and click Then you can simply go ahead and click on the Gemini Code Assist extension. And on the Gemini Code Assist extension. And on the Gemini Code Assist extension. And this is where you're going to be this is where you're going to be this is where you're going to be prompted to either sign in or create an prompted to either sign in or create an prompted to either sign in or create an account with Google, which is completely account with Google, which is completely account with Google, which is completely for free. After signing in, you're going for free. After signing in, you're going for free. After signing in, you're going to be then greeted with this panel over to be then greeted with this panel over to be then greeted with this panel over here. And this is where you can now work here. And this is where you can now work here. And this is where you can now work with the agent mode. You can essentially with the agent mode. You can essentially with the agent mode. You can essentially chat with it like you would with client chat with it like you would with client chat with it like you would with client where you can send in any natural where you can send in any natural where you can send in any natural language prompt attach various contexts language prompt attach various contexts language prompt attach various contexts whether that's a full-on codebase and whether that's a full-on codebase and whether that's a full-on codebase and make sure you have agent mode enabled to make sure you have agent mode enabled to make sure you have agent mode enabled to execute any task like creating me a time execute any task like creating me a time execute any task like creating me a time management app. You can then send in management app. You can then send in management app. You can then send in this prompt and it's going to be able to this prompt and it's going to be able to this prompt and it's going to be able to execute it autonomously using the Gemini execute it autonomously using the Gemini execute it autonomously using the Gemini 2.5 Pro. And you can see it is going to 2.5 Pro. And you can see it is going to 2.5 Pro. And you can see it is going to start off by first using its reasoning start off by first using its reasoning start off by first using its reasoning capabilities to plan out how it's going capabilities to plan out how it's going capabilities to plan out how it's going to execute this task like creating the to execute this task like creating the to execute this task like creating the front end, the back end as well as the front end, the back end as well as the front end, the back end as well as the styling. And you can then adjust the styling. And you can then adjust the styling. And you can then adjust the plan. And you can see right here that it plan. And you can see right here that it plan. And you can see right here that it is working on using a shell command is working on using a shell command is working on using a shell command where it's going to first ask you if you where it's going to first ask you if you where it's going to first ask you if you can run it or not. You can set this on can run it or not. You can set this on can run it or not. You can set this on always run MPX, but I wouldn't always always run MPX, but I wouldn't always always run MPX, but I wouldn't always recommend that. So, just simply just recommend that. So, just simply just recommend that. So, just simply just approve it by clicking on run and then approve it by clicking on run and then approve it by clicking on run and then it will execute the task of creating the it will execute the task of creating the it will execute the task of creating the React app. The agent mode also showcases React app. The agent mode also showcases React app. The agent mode also showcases live streaming, which is a way for you live streaming, which is a way for you live streaming, which is a way for you to visualize the code being generated to visualize the code being generated to visualize the code being generated live in action. There's also diff live in action. There's also diff live in action. There's also diff changes that it will also show. You can changes that it will also show. You can changes that it will also show. You can accept it and stay in control as it accept it and stay in control as it accept it and stay in control as it generates your app. Let's say if there's generates your app. Let's say if there's generates your app. Let's say if there's a code block that you think needs more a code block that you think needs more a code block that you think needs more manual intervention, you can then click manual intervention, you can then click manual intervention, you can then click edit and you can actually edit certain edit and you can actually edit certain edit and you can actually edit certain components directly within your editor, components directly within your editor, components directly within your editor, which is perfect. And there we go. We which is perfect. And there we go. We which is perfect. And there we go. We have our time management app where we have our time management app where we have our time management app where we can track our tasks as well as manage can track our tasks as well as manage can track our tasks as well as manage our time efficiently. You can see that our time efficiently. You can see that our time efficiently. You can see that it did a pretty fast job in creating it did a pretty fast job in creating it did a pretty fast job in creating this app that has actually a lot of this app that has actually a lot of this app that has actually a lot of features. talks about the features. talks about the features. talks about the recommendations as to how you can recommendations as to how you can recommendations as to how you can improve your time management skills, the improve your time management skills, the improve your time management skills, the productivity insights. It gives you a productivity insights. It gives you a productivity insights. It gives you a score on all of these different metrics score on all of these different metrics score on all of these different metrics like the average times per weeks you like the average times per weeks you like the average times per weeks you have, task completed, estimation, have, task completed, estimation, have, task completed, estimation, accuracy, etc. But there's a lot of accuracy, etc. But there's a lot of accuracy, etc. But there's a lot of different features that added different features that added different features that added animations, different placeholders. animations, different placeholders. animations, different placeholders. There's also dark mode, which is good to There's also dark mode, which is good to There's also dark mode, which is good to see. And then we can add in any of our see. And then we can add in any of our see. And then we can add in any of our task over here or visualize them and task over here or visualize them and task over here or visualize them and then add a task over here. There's then add a task over here. There's then add a task over here. There's actually a timer and there's also a data actually a timer and there's also a data actually a timer and there's also a data management where you can back up your management where you can back up your management where you can back up your data. I'm not too sure if this actually data. I'm not too sure if this actually data. I'm not too sure if this actually works or not, but this is pretty good to works or not, but this is pretty good to works or not, but this is pretty good to see because it added as many features as see because it added as many features as see because it added as many features as possible. Also focus on creating a possible. Also focus on creating a possible. Also focus on creating a responsive app for me, which it looks responsive app for me, which it looks responsive app for me, which it looks pretty good. You also have inline pretty good. You also have inline pretty good. You also have inline suggestions as well as automated code suggestions as well as automated code suggestions as well as automated code directly within the code editor. So you directly within the code editor. So you directly within the code editor. So you can actually add a certain section of can actually add a certain section of can actually add a certain section of the code back into the code panel so the code back into the code panel so the code back into the code panel so Gemini could actually focus on it with Gemini could actually focus on it with Gemini could actually focus on it with the code assist like generating code, the code assist like generating code, the code assist like generating code, generating unit test and then pinning generating unit test and then pinning generating unit test and then pinning the section to the current chat prompt the section to the current chat prompt the section to the current chat prompt or adding the file to Gemini context. or adding the file to Gemini context. or adding the file to Gemini context. This is actually a new feature and This is actually a new feature and This is actually a new feature and essentially this is where you can essentially this is where you can essentially this is where you can reference certain sections of your code reference certain sections of your code reference certain sections of your code directly within the panel so it's easier directly within the panel so it's easier directly within the panel so it's easier for it to understand what you're talking for it to understand what you're talking for it to understand what you're talking about. So if there's like a certain about. So if there's like a certain about. So if there's like a certain section of code that you need help with, section of code that you need help with, section of code that you need help with, you can add it as context and the Gemini you can add it as context and the Gemini you can add it as context and the Gemini agent will be able to actually help you agent will be able to actually help you agent will be able to actually help you on that specific lines of code. But on that specific lines of code. But on that specific lines of code. But having a free client that allows you to having a free client that allows you to having a free client that allows you to use something like the Gemini 2.5 Pro is use something like the Gemini 2.5 Pro is use something like the Gemini 2.5 Pro is just impressive cuz you can easily use just impressive cuz you can easily use just impressive cuz you can easily use the state-of-the-art model to rapidly the state-of-the-art model to rapidly the state-of-the-art model to rapidly build anything as a smart coding agent build anything as a smart coding agent build anything as a smart coding agent like you would with kilo code line or like you would with kilo code line or like you would with kilo code line or even with root code. This is something even with root code. This is something even with root code. This is something that is fully free and I know there's that is fully free and I know there's that is fully free and I know there's still a lot of features left to be added still a lot of features left to be added still a lot of features left to be added to it, but I think over time they'll to it, but I think over time they'll to it, but I think over time they'll keep improving it and they'll keep keep improving it and they'll keep keep improving it and they'll keep making this a featurerich AI tool. If making this a featurerich AI tool. If making this a featurerich AI tool. If you like this video and would love to you like this video and would love to you like this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's basically it, guys, for this new Gemini basically it, guys, for this new Gemini basically it, guys, for this new Gemini code assist agent mode feature. I'll code assist agent mode feature. I'll code assist agent mode feature. I'll leave all these links in the description leave all these links in the description leave all these links in the description below so that you can easily get below so that you can easily get below so that you can easily get started. There's a couple things that I started. There's a couple things that I started. There's a couple things that I didn't actually mention like MCPS as didn't actually mention like MCPS as didn't actually mention like MCPS as well as how you can use the next edit well as how you can use the next edit well as how you can use the next edit prediction feature. So, I'll leave these prediction feature. So, I'll leave these prediction feature. So, I'll leave these links so that you can get a better idea links so that you can get a better idea links so that you can get a better idea as to what you can do with this new as to what you can do with this new as to what you can do with this new agent mode update. But with that agent mode update. But with that agent mode update. But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video. Make sure you subscribe to the video. Make sure you subscribe to the video. Make sure you subscribe to the second channel if you haven't already. second channel if you haven't already. second channel if you haven't already. Join the newsletter, join our private Join the newsletter, join our private Join the newsletter, join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. content that you'll truly benefit from. content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an But with that thought, guys, have an But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you guys really shortly. is off.
