Title: Gemini 2.5 Computer Use： Google's FULLY FREE Browser Use AI Agent! Automate ANYTHING! (Ranked #1)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

All eyes are on Google this week as they All eyes are on Google this week as they All eyes are on Google this week as they are preparing for a highly anticipated are preparing for a highly anticipated are preparing for a highly anticipated launch of the Gemini 3.0 as we have launch of the Gemini 3.0 as we have launch of the Gemini 3.0 as we have showcased on this channel. But showcased on this channel. But showcased on this channel. But unexpectedly today, Google dropped unexpectedly today, Google dropped unexpectedly today, Google dropped another new advancement with the release another new advancement with the release another new advancement with the release of Gemini 2.5 computer use. This is now of Gemini 2.5 computer use. This is now of Gemini 2.5 computer use. This is now available in preview via API as well as available in preview via API as well as available in preview via API as well as the Google AI studio. But this new the Google AI studio. But this new the Google AI studio. But this new computer use model is a specialized computer use model is a specialized computer use model is a specialized extension of the Gemini 2.5 Pro. It's extension of the Gemini 2.5 Pro. It's extension of the Gemini 2.5 Pro. It's designed to power AI agents that can designed to power AI agents that can designed to power AI agents that can interact directly with user interfaces. interact directly with user interfaces. interact directly with user interfaces. And I've got to say, it's pretty And I've got to say, it's pretty And I've got to say, it's pretty impressive. In terms of its performance, impressive. In terms of its performance, impressive. In terms of its performance, it currently ranks number one, it currently ranks number one, it currently ranks number one, outperforming leading alternatives like outperforming leading alternatives like outperforming leading alternatives like Anthropics Sonnet 4.5, as well as Open Anthropics Sonnet 4.5, as well as Open Anthropics Sonnet 4.5, as well as Open AI's computer agent on multiple AI's computer agent on multiple AI's computer agent on multiple benchmarks. Google says the model benchmarks. Google says the model benchmarks. Google says the model delivers industry-leading browser delivers industry-leading browser delivers industry-leading browser control with its low latency based on control with its low latency based on control with its low latency based on its performance on the browserbased its performance on the browserbased its performance on the browserbased harness. Just take a look at this harness. Just take a look at this harness. Just take a look at this example where the Gemini 2.5 computer example where the Gemini 2.5 computer example where the Gemini 2.5 computer use is able to open up a pet setup store use is able to open up a pet setup store use is able to open up a pet setup store and it is finding different dog breeds and it is finding different dog breeds and it is finding different dog breeds within California. It pulls up their within California. It pulls up their within California. It pulls up their details and then it switches to the details and then it switches to the details and then it switches to the spa's CRM site where it fills out all spa's CRM site where it fills out all spa's CRM site where it fills out all the information, adds the pet as a the information, adds the pet as a the information, adds the pet as a guest, and it books a follow-up guest, and it books a follow-up guest, and it books a follow-up appointment with the different appointment with the different appointment with the different customer's name. And this is for a customer's name. And this is for a customer's name. And this is for a particular date which is October 10th particular date which is October 10th particular date which is October 10th after 8:00 a.m. using the same treatment after 8:00 a.m. using the same treatment after 8:00 a.m. using the same treatment they originally requested. So you can they originally requested. So you can they originally requested. So you can see that it is able to follow user see that it is able to follow user see that it is able to follow user instructions pretty precise and it's a instructions pretty precise and it's a instructions pretty precise and it's a lot faster than what we saw previously lot faster than what we saw previously lot faster than what we saw previously with the previous version of the with the previous version of the with the previous version of the computer use. Here is another demo where computer use. Here is another demo where computer use. Here is another demo where Gemini 2.5 goes to a sticky note jam Gemini 2.5 goes to a sticky note jam Gemini 2.5 goes to a sticky note jam website, reads the messy digital board website, reads the messy digital board website, reads the messy digital board and identifies all the art club tasks. and identifies all the art club tasks. and identifies all the art club tasks. It understands the user predefined It understands the user predefined It understands the user predefined categories and then it drags each sticky categories and then it drags each sticky categories and then it drags each sticky note into the right section which is note into the right section which is note into the right section which is actually pretty impressive. Gemini 2.5 actually pretty impressive. Gemini 2.5 actually pretty impressive. Gemini 2.5 computer use operates in a continuous computer use operates in a continuous computer use operates in a continuous agent loop which you can see over here. agent loop which you can see over here. agent loop which you can see over here. It takes in the user request. It It takes in the user request. It It takes in the user request. It screenshots the current interface like screenshots the current interface like screenshots the current interface like how it did before and then a short how it did before and then a short how it did before and then a short history of previous actions will also be history of previous actions will also be history of previous actions will also be used for future generations. So using used for future generations. So using used for future generations. So using this context, the model then decides the this context, the model then decides the this context, the model then decides the next UI action, whether that's clicking next UI action, whether that's clicking next UI action, whether that's clicking a button, typing a text, or dragging the a button, typing a text, or dragging the a button, typing a text, or dragging the element. And then it can even ask for element. And then it can even ask for element. And then it can even ask for user confirmation when it's needed. But user confirmation when it's needed. But user confirmation when it's needed. But once the action is actually executed, once the action is actually executed, once the action is actually executed, the environment sends back an updated the environment sends back an updated the environment sends back an updated screenshot as well as a URL. So it screenshot as well as a URL. So it screenshot as well as a URL. So it allows the model to analyze the new allows the model to analyze the new allows the model to analyze the new state and it continues the loop until state and it continues the loop until state and it continues the loop until the task is complete. This cycle enables the task is complete. This cycle enables the task is complete. This cycle enables Gemini to interact with the real web Gemini to interact with the real web Gemini to interact with the real web interfaces autonomously. efficiently and interfaces autonomously. efficiently and interfaces autonomously. efficiently and safely. Before we get started, I just safely. Before we get started, I just safely. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should want to mention that you should want to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can weekly basis. So, this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, what is happening in the AI space. So, definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. Now, to this is completely for free. Now, to this is completely for free. Now, to access this new Gemini 2.5 computer use, access this new Gemini 2.5 computer use, access this new Gemini 2.5 computer use, you can definitely do so through the you can definitely do so through the you can definitely do so through the hosted version off of browser base. This hosted version off of browser base. This hosted version off of browser base. This is where you can access it and test it is where you can access it and test it is where you can access it and test it out over here. It's called Gemini out over here. It's called Gemini out over here. It's called Gemini browser and you can send in any natural browser and you can send in any natural browser and you can send in any natural language prompt and you can watch how language prompt and you can watch how language prompt and you can watch how the AI browses the web. So you can tell the AI browses the web. So you can tell the AI browses the web. So you can tell it to get the latest crypto prices. Send it to get the latest crypto prices. Send it to get the latest crypto prices. Send in this prompt and it will execute it in this prompt and it will execute it in this prompt and it will execute it using this new computer used model. using this new computer used model. using this new computer used model. Another way to access it is through the Another way to access it is through the Another way to access it is through the Google AI studio by accessing the API Google AI studio by accessing the API Google AI studio by accessing the API and then you can use it locally to run and then you can use it locally to run and then you can use it locally to run different sorts of tasks. Now, I'm just different sorts of tasks. Now, I'm just different sorts of tasks. Now, I'm just testing it out over here on the Gemini testing it out over here on the Gemini testing it out over here on the Gemini browser base before I use it with browser base before I use it with browser base before I use it with something like Kilo Code. And this is something like Kilo Code. And this is something like Kilo Code. And this is where I'm going to have it first review where I'm going to have it first review where I'm going to have it first review a pull request. This is one prompt that a pull request. This is one prompt that a pull request. This is one prompt that I'm testing to see how fast it is in I'm testing to see how fast it is in I'm testing to see how fast it is in terms of taking in multiple terms of taking in multiple terms of taking in multiple instructions. This is where we're having instructions. This is where we're having instructions. This is where we're having it uh go over to the GitHub repository it uh go over to the GitHub repository it uh go over to the GitHub repository for browser base, which is called stage for browser base, which is called stage for browser base, which is called stage hands, and we're making sure the hands, and we're making sure the hands, and we're making sure the combination evolves and the PR combination evolves and the PR combination evolves and the PR validation are passed. Now, this is validation are passed. Now, this is validation are passed. Now, this is where we're trying to see how fast it is where we're trying to see how fast it is where we're trying to see how fast it is in terms of navigating through all the in terms of navigating through all the in terms of navigating through all the different component libraries within the different component libraries within the different component libraries within the repo and seeing how fast it is in terms repo and seeing how fast it is in terms repo and seeing how fast it is in terms of providing us the result that we are of providing us the result that we are of providing us the result that we are requiring. It's been 1 minute and 18 requiring. It's been 1 minute and 18 requiring. It's been 1 minute and 18 seconds and so far it is now navigating seconds and so far it is now navigating seconds and so far it is now navigating to the pull request section of stage to the pull request section of stage to the pull request section of stage hands. Finally, we are at the last step hands. Finally, we are at the last step hands. Finally, we are at the last step where it has evaluated that was opened. where it has evaluated that was opened. where it has evaluated that was opened. Now it is checking the combination Now it is checking the combination Now it is checking the combination evolves in the PR validation and seeing evolves in the PR validation and seeing evolves in the PR validation and seeing if they're passed or not. Unfortunately, if they're passed or not. Unfortunately, if they're passed or not. Unfortunately, I missed the screen recording for the I missed the screen recording for the I missed the screen recording for the section where it was able to evaluate section where it was able to evaluate section where it was able to evaluate the success, but it took approximately 3 the success, but it took approximately 3 the success, but it took approximately 3 minutes and it was able to finish the minutes and it was able to finish the minutes and it was able to finish the task and give us the summary of what it task and give us the summary of what it task and give us the summary of what it had accomplished. Now, in terms of its had accomplished. Now, in terms of its had accomplished. Now, in terms of its input token limit, it has 128K limit and input token limit, it has 128K limit and input token limit, it has 128K limit and for its output, it's listed at 64K. for its output, it's listed at 64K. for its output, it's listed at 64K. Now, guys, if you're looking to set this Now, guys, if you're looking to set this Now, guys, if you're looking to set this up locally and implement the computer up locally and implement the computer up locally and implement the computer use, you're going to need to make sure use, you're going to need to make sure use, you're going to need to make sure you have a couple of dependencies you have a couple of dependencies you have a couple of dependencies installed beforehand, you're going to installed beforehand, you're going to installed beforehand, you're going to need to make sure you have Playright need to make sure you have Playright need to make sure you have Playright installed. You can use the pip install installed. You can use the pip install installed. You can use the pip install command within your terminal to install command within your terminal to install command within your terminal to install it. Then, all you got to do is just get it. Then, all you got to do is just get it. Then, all you got to do is just get an API key from the Google AI Studio. an API key from the Google AI Studio. an API key from the Google AI Studio. You're going to need to make sure it's You're going to need to make sure it's You're going to need to make sure it's connected to a billing account. Then you connected to a billing account. Then you connected to a billing account. Then you can create a computer use folder and can create a computer use folder and can create a computer use folder and then within that folder create a Python then within that folder create a Python then within that folder create a Python file. Name it whatever you want. You can file. Name it whatever you want. You can file. Name it whatever you want. You can name it computer use. And then when you name it computer use. And then when you name it computer use. And then when you have opened up VS code or whatever ID have opened up VS code or whatever ID have opened up VS code or whatever ID you have you can open up that computer you have you can open up that computer you have you can open up that computer use Python file. And now you can set up use Python file. And now you can set up use Python file. And now you can set up all the different computer use scripts all the different computer use scripts all the different computer use scripts like sending a request to the model. You like sending a request to the model. You like sending a request to the model. You can define it by receiving the model can define it by receiving the model can define it by receiving the model response executing the received actions. response executing the received actions. response executing the received actions. There's a couple things that you can set There's a couple things that you can set There's a couple things that you can set like building the agent loop. So use like building the agent loop. So use like building the agent loop. So use this docs to help you build the script this docs to help you build the script this docs to help you build the script that you can use to implement the that you can use to implement the that you can use to implement the computer use for your local use cases. computer use for your local use cases. computer use for your local use cases. So there we go. I have set my Python So there we go. I have set my Python So there we go. I have set my Python script and this is where it's going to script and this is where it's going to script and this is where it's going to be using the Gemini 2.5 computer use be using the Gemini 2.5 computer use be using the Gemini 2.5 computer use agent for gathering the top five agent for gathering the top five agent for gathering the top five trending AI research papers. And let's trending AI research papers. And let's trending AI research papers. And let's see how fast it is in comparison to the see how fast it is in comparison to the see how fast it is in comparison to the results we got from the Gemini browser results we got from the Gemini browser results we got from the Gemini browser base. And there we go. I just ran the base. And there we go. I just ran the base. And there we go. I just ran the script and you can see right now it is script and you can see right now it is script and you can see right now it is now using the computer use to go over to now using the computer use to go over to now using the computer use to go over to archive and find the top five trending archive and find the top five trending archive and find the top five trending AI research papers. So, so far what I've AI research papers. So, so far what I've AI research papers. So, so far what I've realized is that if you are to run realized is that if you are to run realized is that if you are to run scripts using this new Gemini 2.5 scripts using this new Gemini 2.5 scripts using this new Gemini 2.5 computer use model, it is a lot faster computer use model, it is a lot faster computer use model, it is a lot faster and more efficient than the Gemini and more efficient than the Gemini and more efficient than the Gemini browser. So, if you're looking to get browser. So, if you're looking to get browser. So, if you're looking to get started with it locally, I believe that started with it locally, I believe that started with it locally, I believe that is the best option. Use the its is the best option. Use the its is the best option. Use the its capabilities to get the best out of it. capabilities to get the best out of it. capabilities to get the best out of it. Let's run another example where we're Let's run another example where we're Let's run another example where we're going to have it fetch the latest price going to have it fetch the latest price going to have it fetch the latest price of Bitcoin as well as Ethereum. And of Bitcoin as well as Ethereum. And of Bitcoin as well as Ethereum. And let's see if it's able to do this a lot let's see if it's able to do this a lot let's see if it's able to do this a lot faster than what we saw with the faster than what we saw with the faster than what we saw with the previous example. So, one thing I noticed is that it got So, one thing I noticed is that it got So, one thing I noticed is that it got the correct price for Bitcoin, but it the correct price for Bitcoin, but it the correct price for Bitcoin, but it also searched the price of Ethereum on also searched the price of Ethereum on also searched the price of Ethereum on Google and it didn't seem to find the Google and it didn't seem to find the Google and it didn't seem to find the correct answer it was looking for. So correct answer it was looking for. So correct answer it was looking for. So now it's looking for prices off of now it's looking for prices off of now it's looking for prices off of Coinbase to provide me the correct Coinbase to provide me the correct Coinbase to provide me the correct answer for the price of Ethereum. If you answer for the price of Ethereum. If you answer for the price of Ethereum. If you like this video and would love to like this video and would love to like this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super donating to my channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you joining our private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's content, plus a lot more. But that's about it guys for today's video on the about it guys for today's video on the about it guys for today's video on the new Gemini 2.5 computer use model. It's new Gemini 2.5 computer use model. It's new Gemini 2.5 computer use model. It's a pretty impressive model that's a pretty impressive model that's a pretty impressive model that's definitely more efficient and a lot more definitely more efficient and a lot more definitely more efficient and a lot more precise in comparison to the computer precise in comparison to the computer precise in comparison to the computer use we saw from Enthropic and it's a lot use we saw from Enthropic and it's a lot use we saw from Enthropic and it's a lot better than what we saw initially from better than what we saw initially from better than what we saw initially from Gemini with its computer use agent. But Gemini with its computer use agent. But Gemini with its computer use agent. But let's see how impressive it gets with let's see how impressive it gets with let's see how impressive it gets with the Gemini 3.0 model when it's the Gemini 3.0 model when it's the Gemini 3.0 model when it's officially released maybe in the next officially released maybe in the next officially released maybe in the next couple of weeks or even this week. But couple of weeks or even this week. But couple of weeks or even this week. But that's basically it guys. I hope you that's basically it guys. I hope you that's basically it guys. I hope you enjoyed today's video and got some sort enjoyed today's video and got some sort enjoyed today's video and got some sort of value. I'll leave all these links in of value. I'll leave all these links in of value. I'll leave all these links in the description below so that you can the description below so that you can the description below so that you can easily get started. Make sure you go easily get started. Make sure you go easily get started. Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second ahead and subscribe to the second channel. Make sure you go ahead and join channel. Make sure you go ahead and join channel. Make sure you go ahead and join the newsletter, join our private the newsletter, join our private the newsletter, join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of previous videos because there's a lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. content that you'll truly benefit from. content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an But with that thought, guys, have an But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He suffers.
