Title: How To Build AI Agents To Automate EVERYTHING (n8n tutorial)
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

What if you can wake up every single What if you can wake up every single What if you can wake up every single morning to an email digest that is morning to an email digest that is morning to an email digest that is perfectly dialed in and tailored to perfectly dialed in and tailored to perfectly dialed in and tailored to exactly the information and news that exactly the information and news that exactly the information and news that you want to hear about? Doesn't matter you want to hear about? Doesn't matter you want to hear about? Doesn't matter what niche you're in or if it's a super what niche you're in or if it's a super what niche you're in or if it's a super obscure topic that nobody else cares obscure topic that nobody else cares obscure topic that nobody else cares about. You can actually create an AI about. You can actually create an AI about. You can actually create an AI agent that will send you an email digest agent that will send you an email digest agent that will send you an email digest every single morning. And that is just every single morning. And that is just every single morning. And that is just scratching the surface of what you can scratching the surface of what you can scratching the surface of what you can do with a tool like N8N. By the end of do with a tool like N8N. By the end of do with a tool like N8N. By the end of this video, you'll be able to build an this video, you'll be able to build an this video, you'll be able to build an automation that collects news from all automation that collects news from all automation that collects news from all over the internet, no matter how obscure over the internet, no matter how obscure over the internet, no matter how obscure this source is, and sends you that daily this source is, and sends you that daily this source is, and sends you that daily digest. However, this is just scratching digest. However, this is just scratching digest. However, this is just scratching the surface of what an automation tool the surface of what an automation tool the surface of what an automation tool like N8N can do. You can literally like N8N can do. You can literally like N8N can do. You can literally automate anything. You can have N8N turn automate anything. You can have N8N turn automate anything. You can have N8N turn on your lights when you pull into your on your lights when you pull into your on your lights when you pull into your garage at home. Fire Ship built an garage at home. Fire Ship built an garage at home. Fire Ship built an automation where when his wife texts him automation where when his wife texts him automation where when his wife texts him with some sort of mad text, he with some sort of mad text, he with some sort of mad text, he automatically sends her flowers and automatically sends her flowers and automatically sends her flowers and tweets an apology for her. I mean, tweets an apology for her. I mean, tweets an apology for her. I mean, really, what you can do with a tool like really, what you can do with a tool like really, what you can do with a tool like Naden is endless. But in this video, I Naden is endless. But in this video, I Naden is endless. But in this video, I want to make a fairly simple demo to want to make a fairly simple demo to want to make a fairly simple demo to really show you the possibilities and really show you the possibilities and really show you the possibilities and how to build one of these workflows. But how to build one of these workflows. But how to build one of these workflows. But the idea is really to get your wheels the idea is really to get your wheels the idea is really to get your wheels turning on what else you can build with turning on what else you can build with turning on what else you can build with this because quite honestly, the this because quite honestly, the this because quite honestly, the opportunities are pretty endless. Now, opportunities are pretty endless. Now, opportunities are pretty endless. Now, when it comes to using NAND, there's a when it comes to using NAND, there's a when it comes to using NAND, there's a few ways that you can do it. First, you few ways that you can do it. First, you few ways that you can do it. First, you can go over to naden.io, can go over to naden.io, can go over to naden.io, which is the official NADN website, and which is the official NADN website, and which is the official NADN website, and you can use it to a limited degree for you can use it to a limited degree for you can use it to a limited degree for free, but beyond that, you're looking at free, but beyond that, you're looking at free, but beyond that, you're looking at a minimum of 24 bucks a month to use a minimum of 24 bucks a month to use a minimum of 24 bucks a month to use NADN's direct website. However, NADN is NADN's direct website. However, NADN is NADN's direct website. However, NADN is openly available. You can actually find openly available. You can actually find openly available. You can actually find it over on GitHub with all of the source it over on GitHub with all of the source it over on GitHub with all of the source code available. So, you could actually code available. So, you could actually code available. So, you could actually install this locally as well and run it install this locally as well and run it install this locally as well and run it completely for free if you want. In completely for free if you want. In completely for free if you want. In fact, if I open up my computer's fact, if I open up my computer's fact, if I open up my computer's terminal and just simply type npx nadn terminal and just simply type npx nadn terminal and just simply type npx nadn and hit enter, it asks me if I want to and hit enter, it asks me if I want to and hit enter, it asks me if I want to install N8N locally. I could hit Y. install N8N locally. I could hit Y. install N8N locally. I could hit Y. It'll go through a bunch of installation It'll go through a bunch of installation It'll go through a bunch of installation steps. And then it tells me to press O steps. And then it tells me to press O steps. And then it tells me to press O to open in browser. So, let's go ahead to open in browser. So, let's go ahead to open in browser. So, let's go ahead and press O. It's opened in a browser and press O. It's opened in a browser and press O. It's opened in a browser tab here. You can see because it's on tab here. You can see because it's on tab here. You can see because it's on local host. And I can go ahead and local host. And I can go ahead and local host. And I can go ahead and create an account, which I'm going to do create an account, which I'm going to do create an account, which I'm going to do real quick. Just like that, I can start real quick. Just like that, I can start real quick. Just like that, I can start creating workflows. We can see here's creating workflows. We can see here's creating workflows. We can see here's our NADN automation builder. And our our NADN automation builder. And our our NADN automation builder. And our goal is to get a final automation that goal is to get a final automation that goal is to get a final automation that looks like this. There are, however, looks like this. There are, however, looks like this. There are, however, some downsides to running this locally. some downsides to running this locally. some downsides to running this locally. One, it can be complex and overwhelming One, it can be complex and overwhelming One, it can be complex and overwhelming if you're not comfortable using the if you're not comfortable using the if you're not comfortable using the terminal to set something up like this. terminal to set something up like this. terminal to set something up like this. But more importantly, if you're running But more importantly, if you're running But more importantly, if you're running it local, that local server needs to be it local, that local server needs to be it local, that local server needs to be running for you to run any of the running for you to run any of the running for you to run any of the automations inside of NADN. So, if your automations inside of NADN. So, if your automations inside of NADN. So, if your internet is ever down or your computer internet is ever down or your computer internet is ever down or your computer is turned off, you're not going to be is turned off, you're not going to be is turned off, you're not going to be able to run your N8 installation or able to run your N8 installation or able to run your N8 installation or let's say you're traveling. I'm in hotel let's say you're traveling. I'm in hotel let's say you're traveling. I'm in hotel rooms a lot going to various conferences rooms a lot going to various conferences rooms a lot going to various conferences and keynotes and things. If one of my and keynotes and things. If one of my and keynotes and things. If one of my automations isn't working properly, I automations isn't working properly, I automations isn't working properly, I have no way of accessing it on the road have no way of accessing it on the road have no way of accessing it on the road because it's only installed on my local because it's only installed on my local because it's only installed on my local computer. So, my recommendation isn't computer. So, my recommendation isn't computer. So, my recommendation isn't actually using the NAN website. It's not actually using the NAN website. It's not actually using the NAN website. It's not installing it locally. It's installing installing it locally. It's installing installing it locally. It's installing it on a third-party Linux server that's it on a third-party Linux server that's it on a third-party Linux server that's hosted in the cloud that you can access hosted in the cloud that you can access hosted in the cloud that you can access anytime. And for that, I actually anytime. And for that, I actually anytime. And for that, I actually recommend Hostinger, which is the recommend Hostinger, which is the recommend Hostinger, which is the sponsor of today's video. So, we're sponsor of today's video. So, we're sponsor of today's video. So, we're going to build our email newsletter going to build our email newsletter going to build our email newsletter automation here in a moment, but first, automation here in a moment, but first, automation here in a moment, but first, let's create a Hostinger virtual private let's create a Hostinger virtual private let's create a Hostinger virtual private server to run this on so it constantly server to run this on so it constantly server to run this on so it constantly runs even if my computer's turned off. runs even if my computer's turned off. runs even if my computer's turned off. If you head on over to If you head on over to If you head on over to hostinger.com/mattnatn, you'll land on a special N8N focused you'll land on a special N8N focused you'll land on a special N8N focused page for signing up to a Hostinger page for signing up to a Hostinger page for signing up to a Hostinger account. I recommend the KVM2 plan, account. I recommend the KVM2 plan, account. I recommend the KVM2 plan, which starts as low as $6.99 a month. which starts as low as $6.99 a month. which starts as low as $6.99 a month. And you can actually get it cheaper. And you can actually get it cheaper. And you can actually get it cheaper. Let's go ahead and choose the plan here. Let's go ahead and choose the plan here. Let's go ahead and choose the plan here. And if I come over here to have coupon And if I come over here to have coupon And if I come over here to have coupon code, and I enter the coupon code Matt code, and I enter the coupon code Matt code, and I enter the coupon code Matt Wolf, click apply, it'll get even Wolf, click apply, it'll get even Wolf, click apply, it'll get even cheaper. Pick the location that has the cheaper. Pick the location that has the cheaper. Pick the location that has the best latency for you. And then when we best latency for you. And then when we best latency for you. And then when we get to this page where it asks you to get to this page where it asks you to get to this page where it asks you to choose an operating system. Well, we choose an operating system. Well, we choose an operating system. Well, we want this to be purpose-built for NAND. want this to be purpose-built for NAND. want this to be purpose-built for NAND. So I'm going to click on application. So I'm going to click on application. So I'm going to click on application. We'll click on show more. And then if we We'll click on show more. And then if we We'll click on show more. And then if we scroll down to developer tools, you'll scroll down to developer tools, you'll scroll down to developer tools, you'll see NADN right here. Even has a star see NADN right here. Even has a star see NADN right here. Even has a star next to it to show that this is the next to it to show that this is the next to it to show that this is the popular one that you want. So we'll popular one that you want. So we'll popular one that you want. So we'll click that. We'll pick a password. It'll click that. We'll pick a password. It'll click that. We'll pick a password. It'll go through a quick setup process. And go through a quick setup process. And go through a quick setup process. And then we're in the back end of Hostinger. then we're in the back end of Hostinger. then we're in the back end of Hostinger. Now all I have to do is click on manage Now all I have to do is click on manage Now all I have to do is click on manage app. And we get a similar page where it app. And we get a similar page where it app. And we get a similar page where it asks us to create our account for asks us to create our account for asks us to create our account for logging in. So, I'll go ahead and do logging in. So, I'll go ahead and do logging in. So, I'll go ahead and do that real quick. And we are in NADN now that real quick. And we are in NADN now that real quick. And we are in NADN now to build whatever we want. Now, the to build whatever we want. Now, the to build whatever we want. Now, the first thing I recommend doing before you first thing I recommend doing before you first thing I recommend doing before you actually go and create your own actually go and create your own actually go and create your own workflow, which we will do in a second, workflow, which we will do in a second, workflow, which we will do in a second, is to check out all of the templates is to check out all of the templates is to check out all of the templates that are available. There's almost 6,000 that are available. There's almost 6,000 that are available. There's almost 6,000 workflow automation templates available workflow automation templates available workflow automation templates available for NADN that people have already just for NADN that people have already just for NADN that people have already just built the automations. You just need to built the automations. You just need to built the automations. You just need to go and swap out the details with your go and swap out the details with your go and swap out the details with your specific details. There's pre-built specific details. There's pre-built specific details. There's pre-built automations to generate AI viral videos automations to generate AI viral videos automations to generate AI viral videos with V3 and automatically upload them to with V3 and automatically upload them to with V3 and automatically upload them to Tik Tok. You could analyze a landing Tik Tok. You could analyze a landing Tik Tok. You could analyze a landing page with OpenAI and get optimization page with OpenAI and get optimization page with OpenAI and get optimization tips. There's nutrition trackers, tips. There's nutrition trackers, tips. There's nutrition trackers, automated economic calendars, stock automated economic calendars, stock automated economic calendars, stock trading signals with Gemini 2.5 and so trading signals with Gemini 2.5 and so trading signals with Gemini 2.5 and so much more. I mean, again, almost 6,000 much more. I mean, again, almost 6,000 much more. I mean, again, almost 6,000 templates, but let's go ahead and build templates, but let's go ahead and build templates, but let's go ahead and build one from scratch and really show off one from scratch and really show off one from scratch and really show off what NAND can do. So inside of our NAD what NAND can do. So inside of our NAD what NAND can do. So inside of our NAD dashboard, we'll go ahead and start from dashboard, we'll go ahead and start from dashboard, we'll go ahead and start from scratch. And we have our node builder scratch. And we have our node builder scratch. And we have our node builder here where we can start building. And here where we can start building. And here where we can start building. And you need your first step to be a you need your first step to be a you need your first step to be a trigger. What's going to make this trigger. What's going to make this trigger. What's going to make this automation actually start. So we'll add automation actually start. So we'll add automation actually start. So we'll add our first step. And we'll set this on a our first step. And we'll set this on a our first step. And we'll set this on a schedule because we're building a daily schedule because we're building a daily schedule because we're building a daily newsletter. So we want it to send every newsletter. So we want it to send every newsletter. So we want it to send every morning. Trigger interval we'll leave as morning. Trigger interval we'll leave as morning. Trigger interval we'll leave as days. Days between trigger we'll use at days. Days between trigger we'll use at days. Days between trigger we'll use at 1. Trigger at hour. Let's have it go at 1. Trigger at hour. Let's have it go at 1. Trigger at hour. Let's have it go at 7 a.m. That way, it's waiting for me 7 a.m. That way, it's waiting for me 7 a.m. That way, it's waiting for me when I finally sit down at my computer when I finally sit down at my computer when I finally sit down at my computer in the morning. We'll click on execute in the morning. We'll click on execute in the morning. We'll click on execute step, and we can see it executed step, and we can see it executed step, and we can see it executed properly. So, let's go back to our properly. So, let's go back to our properly. So, let's go back to our canvas by clicking the top left link canvas by clicking the top left link canvas by clicking the top left link here. And we can see we've got our here. And we can see we've got our here. And we can see we've got our schedule trigger to schedule every schedule trigger to schedule every schedule trigger to schedule every morning at 7:00 a.m. Next up, we want to morning at 7:00 a.m. Next up, we want to morning at 7:00 a.m. Next up, we want to give it a set of sources to pull the give it a set of sources to pull the give it a set of sources to pull the news from. So, we'll add our next step. news from. So, we'll add our next step. news from. So, we'll add our next step. I'll click the plus here. We'll click I'll click the plus here. We'll click I'll click the plus here. We'll click into data transformation and then we'll into data transformation and then we'll into data transformation and then we'll use edit fields which also is a way to use edit fields which also is a way to use edit fields which also is a way to set fields. So we'll select this one. set fields. So we'll select this one. set fields. So we'll select this one. Now this step might get a little Now this step might get a little Now this step might get a little confusing but if you follow along you'll confusing but if you follow along you'll confusing but if you follow along you'll be just fine. Under edit fields here be just fine. Under edit fields here be just fine. Under edit fields here when we get this new screen we're going when we get this new screen we're going when we get this new screen we're going to click add field. And then for name to click add field. And then for name to click add field. And then for name we'll just call it RSS. These are going we'll just call it RSS. These are going we'll just call it RSS. These are going to be the different RSS feeds where we to be the different RSS feeds where we to be the different RSS feeds where we pull news from. And then instead of pull news from. And then instead of pull news from. And then instead of string we're going to give it an array string we're going to give it an array string we're going to give it an array cuz we're going to give it a list of cuz we're going to give it a list of cuz we're going to give it a list of various URLs to pull news from. Then various URLs to pull news from. Then various URLs to pull news from. Then under value, I'm going to click this under value, I'm going to click this under value, I'm going to click this little button to make it bigger so I can little button to make it bigger so I can little button to make it bigger so I can actually type a little bit easier. And actually type a little bit easier. And actually type a little bit easier. And we're going to enter just some very, we're going to enter just some very, we're going to enter just some very, very simple JSON. I'm just going to put very simple JSON. I'm just going to put very simple JSON. I'm just going to put this open bracket here. Go down a line. this open bracket here. Go down a line. this open bracket here. Go down a line. I'm going to put a quote. And then our I'm going to put a quote. And then our I'm going to put a quote. And then our first URL that we want it to pull from first URL that we want it to pull from first URL that we want it to pull from is going to go inside of the first set is going to go inside of the first set is going to go inside of the first set of quotes. Now, we need to find the RSS of quotes. Now, we need to find the RSS of quotes. Now, we need to find the RSS feed from websites. This is a feed where feed from websites. This is a feed where feed from websites. This is a feed where the websites automatically send this the websites automatically send this the websites automatically send this news out to other websites that news out to other websites that news out to other websites that aggregate this. So, let's say I want to aggregate this. So, let's say I want to aggregate this. So, let's say I want to find it for TechCrunch. If I go to find it for TechCrunch. If I go to find it for TechCrunch. If I go to techcrunch.com, techcrunch.com, techcrunch.com, we need to find the RSS feed. And we need to find the RSS feed. And we need to find the RSS feed. And usually it's just a matter of adding usually it's just a matter of adding usually it's just a matter of adding like rss.xml like rss.xml like rss.xml to the end of the URL. If that doesn't to the end of the URL. If that doesn't to the end of the URL. If that doesn't work, then sometimes you just need to work, then sometimes you just need to work, then sometimes you just need to add feed to the end of the URL. And in add feed to the end of the URL. And in add feed to the end of the URL. And in this case, we found the RSS feed for this case, we found the RSS feed for this case, we found the RSS feed for TechCrunch. I could grab this URL here, TechCrunch. I could grab this URL here, TechCrunch. I could grab this URL here, copy it, jump back to NADN, enter this copy it, jump back to NADN, enter this copy it, jump back to NADN, enter this as our first URL, and then we're going as our first URL, and then we're going as our first URL, and then we're going to go ahead and close off the quotations to go ahead and close off the quotations to go ahead and close off the quotations and put a comma. And then we're going to and put a comma. And then we're going to and put a comma. And then we're going to do it for our next URL. This time, let's do it for our next URL. This time, let's do it for our next URL. This time, let's go to ingadget.com. go to ingadget.com. go to ingadget.com. And I believe this one might use/rs.xml. And here's our RSS feed for this one. And here's our RSS feed for this one. And here's our RSS feed for this one. So, I'll copy this feed here. We'll plug So, I'll copy this feed here. We'll plug So, I'll copy this feed here. We'll plug it in, close our quotation, put a comma, it in, close our quotation, put a comma, it in, close our quotation, put a comma, and then we'll add some more. So, I and then we'll add some more. So, I and then we'll add some more. So, I added a couple more. Keep in mind, this added a couple more. Keep in mind, this added a couple more. Keep in mind, this last URL does not need a comma at the last URL does not need a comma at the last URL does not need a comma at the end. We just need to put another line end. We just need to put another line end. We just need to put another line break, and then close off our brackets break, and then close off our brackets break, and then close off our brackets here. And this is our simple little list here. And this is our simple little list here. And this is our simple little list of URLs that it's going to pull our RSS of URLs that it's going to pull our RSS of URLs that it's going to pull our RSS feeds from. We could go ahead and close feeds from. We could go ahead and close feeds from. We could go ahead and close out of this. Click execute step. And we out of this. Click execute step. And we out of this. Click execute step. And we can see our output shows our four URLs. can see our output shows our four URLs. can see our output shows our four URLs. So we know this step is working. Let's So we know this step is working. Let's So we know this step is working. Let's go back to our canvas. And now we can go back to our canvas. And now we can go back to our canvas. And now we can see our first two steps. But now we see our first two steps. But now we see our first two steps. But now we wanted to look at each of those feeds wanted to look at each of those feeds wanted to look at each of those feeds individually. So we wanted to go through individually. So we wanted to go through individually. So we wanted to go through one feed at a time and find the news one feed at a time and find the news one feed at a time and find the news from each of them. So we'll actually go from each of them. So we'll actually go from each of them. So we'll actually go ahead and split out each URL one by one. ahead and split out each URL one by one. ahead and split out each URL one by one. I can add a plus here. We'll click on I can add a plus here. We'll click on I can add a plus here. We'll click on data transformation again. And under data transformation again. And under data transformation again. And under here, we can see an option to split out. here, we can see an option to split out. here, we can see an option to split out. So, we'll select split out fields to So, we'll select split out fields to So, we'll select split out fields to split out. We'll select the RSS field split out. We'll select the RSS field split out. We'll select the RSS field here. We'll just drag and drop it right here. We'll just drag and drop it right here. We'll just drag and drop it right there. And now it knows it's splitting there. And now it knows it's splitting there. And now it knows it's splitting out the RSS field. We'll click on out the RSS field. We'll click on out the RSS field. We'll click on execute step. And you can see it broke execute step. And you can see it broke execute step. And you can see it broke out each of these four fields into out each of these four fields into out each of these four fields into separate fields. Now, we need it to read separate fields. Now, we need it to read separate fields. Now, we need it to read the RSS feed. So, I don't know exactly the RSS feed. So, I don't know exactly the RSS feed. So, I don't know exactly where the RSS node is in these where the RSS node is in these where the RSS node is in these subfolders here. So, I'm just going to subfolders here. So, I'm just going to subfolders here. So, I'm just going to search RSS here. And you can see we've search RSS here. And you can see we've search RSS here. And you can see we've got RSS read. So, we'll go ahead and got RSS read. So, we'll go ahead and got RSS read. So, we'll go ahead and select RSS read. So, it reads that feed select RSS read. So, it reads that feed select RSS read. So, it reads that feed there. And then under URL, we're going there. And then under URL, we're going there. And then under URL, we're going to pull over this RSS that came out of to pull over this RSS that came out of to pull over this RSS that came out of the split out. So, if I grab this, drag the split out. So, if I grab this, drag the split out. So, if I grab this, drag it in, you'll see it added our little it in, you'll see it added our little it in, you'll see it added our little code here for JSON. RSS. So, it's going code here for JSON. RSS. So, it's going code here for JSON. RSS. So, it's going to read the feeds of every URL that we to read the feeds of every URL that we to read the feeds of every URL that we gave in the step two steps ago. We'll gave in the step two steps ago. We'll gave in the step two steps ago. We'll click execute step to see what happens. click execute step to see what happens. click execute step to see what happens. This one's going to take a moment This one's going to take a moment This one's going to take a moment because it's actually reading through because it's actually reading through because it's actually reading through all of those feeds. And a few seconds all of those feeds. And a few seconds all of those feeds. And a few seconds later, we can see it output 130 items later, we can see it output 130 items later, we can see it output 130 items here. 13 pages of 10 pieces of news per here. 13 pages of 10 pieces of news per here. 13 pages of 10 pieces of news per page. And we can see exactly what page. And we can see exactly what page. And we can see exactly what information it's pulling from the RSS information it's pulling from the RSS information it's pulling from the RSS feed. We can see who created it. We can feed. We can see who created it. We can feed. We can see who created it. We can see the title of the article, the URL, see the title of the article, the URL, see the title of the article, the URL, the publication date, the exact content, the publication date, the exact content, the publication date, the exact content, the content snippet, the categories or the content snippet, the categories or the content snippet, the categories or tags associated with the post. So, lots tags associated with the post. So, lots tags associated with the post. So, lots and lots of information that we can now and lots of information that we can now and lots of information that we can now pull from those various feeds. So, let's pull from those various feeds. So, let's pull from those various feeds. So, let's go back to our canvas. And the next go back to our canvas. And the next go back to our canvas. And the next thing I want to do is I want to take all thing I want to do is I want to take all thing I want to do is I want to take all of that news, all 130 articles it just of that news, all 130 articles it just of that news, all 130 articles it just found and put it all into just one found and put it all into just one found and put it all into just one single writeup and we're going to have single writeup and we're going to have single writeup and we're going to have AI summarize all that for us. So, it's AI summarize all that for us. So, it's AI summarize all that for us. So, it's going to take all of that information. going to take all of that information. going to take all of that information. I'm going to click plus here and I'm I'm going to click plus here and I'm I'm going to click plus here and I'm going to do a quick search for aggregate going to do a quick search for aggregate going to do a quick search for aggregate and we'll use the aggregate node. And and we'll use the aggregate node. And and we'll use the aggregate node. And then we'll leave this set as individual then we'll leave this set as individual then we'll leave this set as individual fields. But for our input field name, fields. But for our input field name, fields. But for our input field name, let's pull the content snippet. The let's pull the content snippet. The let's pull the content snippet. The content snippet is just this sort of content snippet is just this sort of content snippet is just this sort of like one to two sentence summary of what like one to two sentence summary of what like one to two sentence summary of what that news article is about. So ideally, that news article is about. So ideally, that news article is about. So ideally, there's enough in there for us to work there's enough in there for us to work there's enough in there for us to work with that information. So we'll go ahead with that information. So we'll go ahead with that information. So we'll go ahead and grab content snippet, pull that into and grab content snippet, pull that into and grab content snippet, pull that into our input field name here. We'll click our input field name here. We'll click our input field name here. We'll click execute this step. And now look at this. execute this step. And now look at this. execute this step. And now look at this. We have one giant piece of content here We have one giant piece of content here We have one giant piece of content here that I can just scroll forever and ever that I can just scroll forever and ever that I can just scroll forever and ever and ever. and it's got all of those news and ever. and it's got all of those news and ever. and it's got all of those news snippets from all of those articles that snippets from all of those articles that snippets from all of those articles that we just came across, about 130 of them. we just came across, about 130 of them. we just came across, about 130 of them. Here's where it gets really fun. Now, Here's where it gets really fun. Now, Here's where it gets really fun. Now, we're going to pull AI into the mix. So we're going to pull AI into the mix. So we're going to pull AI into the mix. So far, this has just been sort of scraping far, this has just been sort of scraping far, this has just been sort of scraping data from around the internet for us. data from around the internet for us. data from around the internet for us. But now, we want to clean it up and give But now, we want to clean it up and give But now, we want to clean it up and give us just what we care about. So, we'll go us just what we care about. So, we'll go us just what we care about. So, we'll go back to our canvas. We'll click on plus. back to our canvas. We'll click on plus. back to our canvas. We'll click on plus. And this time, we're going to click into And this time, we're going to click into And this time, we're going to click into the AI box, and we're going to select AI the AI box, and we're going to select AI the AI box, and we're going to select AI agent. Once we're in the AI agent, we're agent. Once we're in the AI agent, we're agent. Once we're in the AI agent, we're going to set up a few settings here. going to set up a few settings here. going to set up a few settings here. Under source for prompt, we're going to Under source for prompt, we're going to Under source for prompt, we're going to set define below because we're not set define below because we're not set define below because we're not actually entering any sort of text actually entering any sort of text actually entering any sort of text prompt on a daily basis. We want it to prompt on a daily basis. We want it to prompt on a daily basis. We want it to use the same prompt every time. For our use the same prompt every time. For our use the same prompt every time. For our prompt here, I'm just going to type prompt here, I'm just going to type prompt here, I'm just going to type summarize news because we're going to summarize news because we're going to summarize news because we're going to actually put most of the details that we actually put most of the details that we actually put most of the details that we want into the system message. So, I'm want into the system message. So, I'm want into the system message. So, I'm going to select add option here. We'll going to select add option here. We'll going to select add option here. We'll select system message. And this is where select system message. And this is where select system message. And this is where we enter a more detailed prompt for it we enter a more detailed prompt for it we enter a more detailed prompt for it to work with. So, let's give it a prompt to work with. So, let's give it a prompt to work with. So, let's give it a prompt like only grab the news from the past 24 like only grab the news from the past 24 like only grab the news from the past 24 hours. act as a tech news aggregator and hours. act as a tech news aggregator and hours. act as a tech news aggregator and write in plain easy to understand write in plain easy to understand write in plain easy to understand English with no tech jargon. Here is the English with no tech jargon. Here is the English with no tech jargon. Here is the list of news. And then down below that I list of news. And then down below that I list of news. And then down below that I can pull in our aggregated content can pull in our aggregated content can pull in our aggregated content snippets. So you can see here's all of snippets. So you can see here's all of snippets. So you can see here's all of the snippets that it pulled in, but I the snippets that it pulled in, but I the snippets that it pulled in, but I don't want it to pull it in in that don't want it to pull it in in that don't want it to pull it in in that format. I want it to pull in all of the format. I want it to pull in all of the format. I want it to pull in all of the content snippets. So if I minimize this content snippets. So if I minimize this content snippets. So if I minimize this and just tell it to pull in all of the and just tell it to pull in all of the and just tell it to pull in all of the content snippets, you can see it pulls content snippets, you can see it pulls content snippets, you can see it pulls in just that JSON there and it'll assign in just that JSON there and it'll assign in just that JSON there and it'll assign it with this prompt. So, it'll tell it it with this prompt. So, it'll tell it it with this prompt. So, it'll tell it to only grab the news from the past 24 to only grab the news from the past 24 to only grab the news from the past 24 hours. Here's a list of news. And then hours. Here's a list of news. And then hours. Here's a list of news. And then it'll pull in all of that content that it'll pull in all of that content that it'll pull in all of that content that it just scraped from all of those it just scraped from all of those it just scraped from all of those websites. Now, if I want to see what websites. Now, if I want to see what websites. Now, if I want to see what this prompt actually looks like, I can this prompt actually looks like, I can this prompt actually looks like, I can click on this little box down here to click on this little box down here to click on this little box down here to expand our system message. We can see expand our system message. We can see expand our system message. We can see our system message here, but we can also our system message here, but we can also our system message here, but we can also see the result that it gave. So, here's see the result that it gave. So, here's see the result that it gave. So, here's our prompt. Here's the list of news. And our prompt. Here's the list of news. And our prompt. Here's the list of news. And then here is that dump of all of the then here is that dump of all of the then here is that dump of all of the news here. We'll close out of this. and news here. We'll close out of this. and news here. We'll close out of this. and it won't work yet because it says a chat it won't work yet because it says a chat it won't work yet because it says a chat model sub node must be connected. So we model sub node must be connected. So we model sub node must be connected. So we need to connect this to a large language need to connect this to a large language need to connect this to a large language model to actually have it use this model to actually have it use this model to actually have it use this prompt that we gave it. So down on the prompt that we gave it. So down on the prompt that we gave it. So down on the bottom if I click on add chat model down bottom if I click on add chat model down bottom if I click on add chat model down here we could select any model we want here we could select any model we want here we could select any model we want for this. We'll keep it simple. Let's go for this. We'll keep it simple. Let's go for this. We'll keep it simple. Let's go ahead and use an openai chat model. And ahead and use an openai chat model. And ahead and use an openai chat model. And we will have to share an API key. So we will have to share an API key. So we will have to share an API key. So I'll go ahead and create new credential. I'll go ahead and create new credential. I'll go ahead and create new credential. And it's going to ask for my API key And it's going to ask for my API key And it's going to ask for my API key from OpenAI. Now in order to get this from OpenAI. Now in order to get this from OpenAI. Now in order to get this head on over to platform.openAI head on over to platform.openAI head on over to platform.openAI openai.com. Click on dashboard in the openai.com. Click on dashboard in the openai.com. Click on dashboard in the top of the screen and then on the left, top of the screen and then on the left, top of the screen and then on the left, click on API keys and create a new click on API keys and create a new click on API keys and create a new secret key. I'm going to call this one secret key. I'm going to call this one secret key. I'm going to call this one N8N. It's going to create a secret key N8N. It's going to create a secret key N8N. It's going to create a secret key that I can go ahead and copy here. Now, that I can go ahead and copy here. Now, that I can go ahead and copy here. Now, when I jump back to N8N, I can paste in when I jump back to N8N, I can paste in when I jump back to N8N, I can paste in my API key right here. Now, simply save my API key right here. Now, simply save my API key right here. Now, simply save and we're connected to AI. Now, let's go and we're connected to AI. Now, let's go and we're connected to AI. Now, let's go ahead and pick a model. And you can pick ahead and pick a model. And you can pick ahead and pick a model. And you can pick from any of the OpenAI models that are from any of the OpenAI models that are from any of the OpenAI models that are here. Let's go ahead and use GPT5. Now, here. Let's go ahead and use GPT5. Now, here. Let's go ahead and use GPT5. Now, if I go back to my canvas here, double if I go back to my canvas here, double if I go back to my canvas here, double click into our AI agent and execute this click into our AI agent and execute this click into our AI agent and execute this step, we'll actually see what the output step, we'll actually see what the output step, we'll actually see what the output will look like now. And we can see this will look like now. And we can see this will look like now. And we can see this is the output that it gives us. So, it is the output that it gives us. So, it is the output that it gives us. So, it took all of this content that we can see took all of this content that we can see took all of this content that we can see on the left, tons and tons and tons of on the left, tons and tons and tons of on the left, tons and tons and tons of content, and turned it into this. The content, and turned it into this. The content, and turned it into this. The problem is this won't look very friendly problem is this won't look very friendly problem is this won't look very friendly in my email. This is going to look in my email. This is going to look in my email. This is going to look exactly like we're seeing it now when I exactly like we're seeing it now when I exactly like we're seeing it now when I send it over to email because it's using send it over to email because it's using send it over to email because it's using a lot of like markdown language and a lot of like markdown language and a lot of like markdown language and email reads and HTML. So, let's go back email reads and HTML. So, let's go back email reads and HTML. So, let's go back to our canvas and let's go ahead and to our canvas and let's go ahead and to our canvas and let's go ahead and tweak the formatting so it's something tweak the formatting so it's something tweak the formatting so it's something we can read in our email inbox without we can read in our email inbox without we can read in our email inbox without making our heads explode. So, I'll click making our heads explode. So, I'll click making our heads explode. So, I'll click the plus here and we want to convert the plus here and we want to convert the plus here and we want to convert markdown to HTML. So, I'm going to go markdown to HTML. So, I'm going to go markdown to HTML. So, I'm going to go ahead and search for markdown and we can ahead and search for markdown and we can ahead and search for markdown and we can see we've got convert data between see we've got convert data between see we've got convert data between markdown and HTML. Exactly what we're markdown and HTML. Exactly what we're markdown and HTML. Exactly what we're looking for. We need to switch this mode looking for. We need to switch this mode looking for. We need to switch this mode from HTML to markdown to markdown to from HTML to markdown to markdown to from HTML to markdown to markdown to HTML because we're starting with HTML because we're starting with HTML because we're starting with markdown. The markdown that we're going markdown. The markdown that we're going markdown. The markdown that we're going to be converting is this output. So all to be converting is this output. So all to be converting is this output. So all I have to do is click output right here I have to do is click output right here I have to do is click output right here and drag it into markdown. Let's execute and drag it into markdown. Let's execute and drag it into markdown. Let's execute the step to make sure it's working. And the step to make sure it's working. And the step to make sure it's working. And check that out. Now we've got it in check that out. Now we've got it in check that out. Now we've got it in HTML. Here's a quick summary of the top HTML. Here's a quick summary of the top HTML. Here's a quick summary of the top tech news from the past 24 hours. All tech news from the past 24 hours. All tech news from the past 24 hours. All broken up into HTML. Now we just need it broken up into HTML. Now we just need it broken up into HTML. Now we just need it to email us. So we'll add our final step to email us. So we'll add our final step to email us. So we'll add our final step here. And I'm going to do a quick search here. And I'm going to do a quick search here. And I'm going to do a quick search for email. And then we'll go ahead and for email. And then we'll go ahead and for email. And then we'll go ahead and select Gmail as the option. And then for select Gmail as the option. And then for select Gmail as the option. And then for actions, we will send a message. Now, actions, we will send a message. Now, actions, we will send a message. Now, quite honestly, this is probably the quite honestly, this is probably the quite honestly, this is probably the most involved part of this whole process most involved part of this whole process most involved part of this whole process is actually getting your Gmail account is actually getting your Gmail account is actually getting your Gmail account set up inside of NADN. Up here where it set up inside of NADN. Up here where it set up inside of NADN. Up here where it says credential to connect with, we need says credential to connect with, we need says credential to connect with, we need to create a new credential to connect it to create a new credential to connect it to create a new credential to connect it to Google. So, I'll click create new to Google. So, I'll click create new to Google. So, I'll click create new credential. But then it asks for our credential. But then it asks for our credential. But then it asks for our oath redirect URL, client ID, client oath redirect URL, client ID, client oath redirect URL, client ID, client secret, all of this kind of stuff. And secret, all of this kind of stuff. And secret, all of this kind of stuff. And well, we got to find all of that well, we got to find all of that well, we got to find all of that information. And there's a handful of information. And there's a handful of information. And there's a handful of steps you need to follow. Luckily, if I steps you need to follow. Luckily, if I steps you need to follow. Luckily, if I click on open docs here, we can see we click on open docs here, we can see we click on open docs here, we can see we have explanations on exactly how to set have explanations on exactly how to set have explanations on exactly how to set this up. So once we're on this screen, this up. So once we're on this screen, this up. So once we're on this screen, we pretty much just need to follow these we pretty much just need to follow these we pretty much just need to follow these steps. We need to create a Google Cloud steps. We need to create a Google Cloud steps. We need to create a Google Cloud Console project, enable APIs, configure Console project, enable APIs, configure Console project, enable APIs, configure OOTH consent screen, create a Google OOTH consent screen, create a Google OOTH consent screen, create a Google Oath client credentials, and finish the Oath client credentials, and finish the Oath client credentials, and finish the N8N credential. And again, this will N8N credential. And again, this will N8N credential. And again, this will probably take you up five or 6 minutes probably take you up five or 6 minutes probably take you up five or 6 minutes to go through all these steps, but if to go through all these steps, but if to go through all these steps, but if you follow these steps exactly, you will you follow these steps exactly, you will you follow these steps exactly, you will get the credentials. Now, during this get the credentials. Now, during this get the credentials. Now, during this process, there's one step that might process, there's one step that might process, there's one step that might trip people up, and that's the step trip people up, and that's the step trip people up, and that's the step where it asks you to add an authorized where it asks you to add an authorized where it asks you to add an authorized domain. When you get to this step, click domain. When you get to this step, click domain. When you get to this step, click on add domain. And then for the on add domain. And then for the on add domain. And then for the authorized domain, if you are hosting it authorized domain, if you are hosting it authorized domain, if you are hosting it over on Hostinger, the authorized domain over on Hostinger, the authorized domain over on Hostinger, the authorized domain is going to be this domain here. So, is going to be this domain here. So, is going to be this domain here. So, we'll go ahead and copy that and we'll we'll go ahead and copy that and we'll we'll go ahead and copy that and we'll paste this into our authorized domain. paste this into our authorized domain. paste this into our authorized domain. Again, if you follow all the steps on Again, if you follow all the steps on Again, if you follow all the steps on the documentation page, you should get the documentation page, you should get the documentation page, you should get set up fairly easily. Now, we simply set up fairly easily. Now, we simply set up fairly easily. Now, we simply just need to dial in the email that it's just need to dial in the email that it's just need to dial in the email that it's going to send. So, we're connected to going to send. So, we're connected to going to send. So, we're connected to our Gmail account that we just set up. our Gmail account that we just set up. our Gmail account that we just set up. We'll leave the resources message We'll leave the resources message We'll leave the resources message operation we'll leave as send. And well, operation we'll leave as send. And well, operation we'll leave as send. And well, I want this to email me every day. So, I want this to email me every day. So, I want this to email me every day. So, let's go ahead and put in matt@ let's go ahead and put in matt@ let's go ahead and put in matt@ futuretools.io. futuretools.io. futuretools.io. For our subject, we'll call it daily For our subject, we'll call it daily For our subject, we'll call it daily tech digest. Email type we'll leave as tech digest. Email type we'll leave as tech digest. Email type we'll leave as HTML. And then for our message, you can HTML. And then for our message, you can HTML. And then for our message, you can see we've got our original, which is in see we've got our original, which is in see we've got our original, which is in markdown. And then we've got our data markdown. And then we've got our data markdown. And then we've got our data here, which is in HTML. We wanted to here, which is in HTML. We wanted to here, which is in HTML. We wanted to pull it in in HTML. So, let's go ahead pull it in in HTML. So, let's go ahead pull it in in HTML. So, let's go ahead and grab this box, pull it into our and grab this box, pull it into our and grab this box, pull it into our message. Now, if I click execute step, message. Now, if I click execute step, message. Now, if I click execute step, you can see that it says it sent the you can see that it says it sent the you can see that it says it sent the email. Now, it doesn't show the output email. Now, it doesn't show the output email. Now, it doesn't show the output of the email because this step is just of the email because this step is just of the email because this step is just sending an email. So, the output is sending an email. So, the output is sending an email. So, the output is email was sent. But if I go check my email was sent. But if I go check my email was sent. But if I go check my inbox, you can see I just got an email inbox, you can see I just got an email inbox, you can see I just got an email from well myself that says daily tech from well myself that says daily tech from well myself that says daily tech digest. If I click on this, here's the digest. If I click on this, here's the digest. If I click on this, here's the email perfectly formatted in everything. email perfectly formatted in everything. email perfectly formatted in everything. Here's a quick summary of the top tech Here's a quick summary of the top tech Here's a quick summary of the top tech news from the past 24 hours. AI and news from the past 24 hours. AI and news from the past 24 hours. AI and regulation, big tech and legal, various regulation, big tech and legal, various regulation, big tech and legal, various gadgets, new devices and updates, gadgets, new devices and updates, gadgets, new devices and updates, startups and ventures, cyber security. startups and ventures, cyber security. startups and ventures, cyber security. Now, I didn't dial this in just to be Now, I didn't dial this in just to be Now, I didn't dial this in just to be AI. This is all tech news. But I just AI. This is all tech news. But I just AI. This is all tech news. But I just built an entire automation where every built an entire automation where every built an entire automation where every single morning at 7 a.m. It's going to single morning at 7 a.m. It's going to single morning at 7 a.m. It's going to send me a tech digest of the last 24 send me a tech digest of the last 24 send me a tech digest of the last 24 hours. And again, this is just hours. And again, this is just hours. And again, this is just scratching the surface of what's scratching the surface of what's scratching the surface of what's possible with NADN. If we wanted, we can possible with NADN. If we wanted, we can possible with NADN. If we wanted, we can have this tech digest sent directly to have this tech digest sent directly to have this tech digest sent directly to our Slack channel or emailed to an our Slack channel or emailed to an our Slack channel or emailed to an entire newsletter through Mailchimp or entire newsletter through Mailchimp or entire newsletter through Mailchimp or ConvertKit. The possibility for ConvertKit. The possibility for ConvertKit. The possibility for automations and agents that you can automations and agents that you can automations and agents that you can build with this thing is just insane. build with this thing is just insane. build with this thing is just insane. There is so much you can do, but to give There is so much you can do, but to give There is so much you can do, but to give the quick wrap-up of everything that's the quick wrap-up of everything that's the quick wrap-up of everything that's happening in this automation. So, we happening in this automation. So, we happening in this automation. So, we start with a trigger. This trigger fires start with a trigger. This trigger fires start with a trigger. This trigger fires off every day at 7 a.m. It looks at off every day at 7 a.m. It looks at off every day at 7 a.m. It looks at these news resources here that we these news resources here that we these news resources here that we plugged into our little mini JSON. It plugged into our little mini JSON. It plugged into our little mini JSON. It splits those URLs out so that it can splits those URLs out so that it can splits those URLs out so that it can look at it individually. It then looks look at it individually. It then looks look at it individually. It then looks at the RSS feed of every single one of at the RSS feed of every single one of at the RSS feed of every single one of those URLs that we gave it. Aggregates those URLs that we gave it. Aggregates those URLs that we gave it. Aggregates it all into one giant message. That one it all into one giant message. That one it all into one giant message. That one giant message goes into our AI agent giant message goes into our AI agent giant message goes into our AI agent with a prompt to chat GPT which with a prompt to chat GPT which with a prompt to chat GPT which summarizes just the important news from summarizes just the important news from summarizes just the important news from the last 24 hours. The output that it the last 24 hours. The output that it the last 24 hours. The output that it gives us is then converted from markdown gives us is then converted from markdown gives us is then converted from markdown into HTML so it reads better as an into HTML so it reads better as an into HTML so it reads better as an email. And then finally it's sent to us email. And then finally it's sent to us email. And then finally it's sent to us in Gmail as a daily digest and this will in Gmail as a daily digest and this will in Gmail as a daily digest and this will run every single morning at 7 a.m. run every single morning at 7 a.m. run every single morning at 7 a.m. Really, really powerful workflows that Really, really powerful workflows that Really, really powerful workflows that you can build. Again, just scratching you can build. Again, just scratching you can build. Again, just scratching the surface. This is designed to get the surface. This is designed to get the surface. This is designed to get your wheels turning about what's your wheels turning about what's your wheels turning about what's possible with N8N. And honestly, the possible with N8N. And honestly, the possible with N8N. And honestly, the easiest and best way to get it set up easiest and best way to get it set up easiest and best way to get it set up and running in a secure, safe, always on and running in a secure, safe, always on and running in a secure, safe, always on way is to build it using Hostinger. So, way is to build it using Hostinger. So, way is to build it using Hostinger. So, thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring thanks again to Hostinger for sponsoring this video. You can go directly to their this video. You can go directly to their this video. You can go directly to their Natnation Natnation Natnation page by going to hostinger.com/mattnatn. And then when you're checking out, don't And then when you're checking out, don't And then when you're checking out, don't forget to use the coupon code mattwolf forget to use the coupon code mattwolf forget to use the coupon code mattwolf to get an extra 10% off. And also, if to get an extra 10% off. And also, if to get an extra 10% off. And also, if you want to read a newsletter about AI you want to read a newsletter about AI you want to read a newsletter about AI that's still curated and written by a that's still curated and written by a that's still curated and written by a human, make sure you check out human, make sure you check out human, make sure you check out futuretools.io and join that newsletter. futuretools.io and join that newsletter. futuretools.io and join that newsletter. I send an email every Wednesday and I send an email every Wednesday and I send an email every Wednesday and Friday with the latest AI news and Friday with the latest AI news and Friday with the latest AI news and tools. And well, yeah, that one actually tools. And well, yeah, that one actually tools. And well, yeah, that one actually is still written by a human. You can is still written by a human. You can is still written by a human. You can find that over at futuretools.io. find that over at futuretools.io. find that over at futuretools.io. And one final thing before I wrap up, And one final thing before I wrap up, And one final thing before I wrap up, just a little bit of housekeeping. I am just a little bit of housekeeping. I am just a little bit of housekeeping. I am giving away an iPhone 17. I just got one giving away an iPhone 17. I just got one giving away an iPhone 17. I just got one myself. The camera on this thing is myself. The camera on this thing is myself. The camera on this thing is absolutely insane and you can get one absolutely insane and you can get one absolutely insane and you can get one for free. Super easy to do. All you have for free. Super easy to do. All you have for free. Super easy to do. All you have to do is go follow me on Instagram and I to do is go follow me on Instagram and I to do is go follow me on Instagram and I have a post mentioning the iPhone have a post mentioning the iPhone have a post mentioning the iPhone giveaway. Follow me on Instagram, giveaway. Follow me on Instagram, giveaway. Follow me on Instagram, comment on that post, and you're entered comment on that post, and you're entered comment on that post, and you're entered to win. I'm really trying to grow my to win. I'm really trying to grow my to win. I'm really trying to grow my Instagram account right now and I want Instagram account right now and I want Instagram account right now and I want to grow it so badly that I'm willing to to grow it so badly that I'm willing to to grow it so badly that I'm willing to give away iPhones to try to do it. So, give away iPhones to try to do it. So, give away iPhones to try to do it. So, head on over to my Instagram, follow me, head on over to my Instagram, follow me, head on over to my Instagram, follow me, and comment on the post about the iPhone and comment on the post about the iPhone and comment on the post about the iPhone and you'll get entered to win as well. and you'll get entered to win as well. and you'll get entered to win as well. Thank you so much again to Hostinger for Thank you so much again to Hostinger for Thank you so much again to Hostinger for sponsoring this one. I am so blown away sponsoring this one. I am so blown away sponsoring this one. I am so blown away by what you can do with NADN and these by what you can do with NADN and these by what you can do with NADN and these various AI agent builders that are out various AI agent builders that are out various AI agent builders that are out there. I know my wheels are really there. I know my wheels are really there. I know my wheels are really really turning about the types of really turning about the types of really turning about the types of automations you can build with this automations you can build with this automations you can build with this stuff and hopefully yours are too. stuff and hopefully yours are too. stuff and hopefully yours are too. Thanks again for tuning in, hanging out, Thanks again for tuning in, hanging out, Thanks again for tuning in, hanging out, nerding out with me. Really, really nerding out with me. Really, really nerding out with me. Really, really appreciate you. Hopefully I'll see you appreciate you. Hopefully I'll see you appreciate you. Hopefully I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If much for nerding out with me today. If much for nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to you like videos like this, make sure to you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos this channel. I'll make sure more videos this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out And if you haven't already, check out And if you haven't already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
