Title: Introducing Archon - The Revolutionary Operating System for AI Coding
Channel: Cole Medin
======================================================================

Earlier this year, I introduced you to Earlier this year, I introduced you to Earlier this year, I introduced you to Archon, my open source tool as the Archon, my open source tool as the Archon, my open source tool as the world's first agent, an AI agent that world's first agent, an AI agent that world's first agent, an AI agent that builds other AI agents. But as I was builds other AI agents. But as I was builds other AI agents. But as I was creating Archon and getting feedback creating Archon and getting feedback creating Archon and getting feedback from all of you, I realized that there from all of you, I realized that there from all of you, I realized that there was so much more that I could be doing was so much more that I could be doing was so much more that I could be doing with Archon. And so, behind the scenes, with Archon. And so, behind the scenes, with Archon. And so, behind the scenes, the past few months, me and a few other the past few months, me and a few other the past few months, me and a few other guys from the Dynamis community have guys from the Dynamis community have guys from the Dynamis community have been shaping this new vision and been shaping this new vision and been shaping this new vision and platform for Archon. And I'm super platform for Archon. And I'm super platform for Archon. And I'm super excited to bring you the beta launch of excited to bring you the beta launch of excited to bring you the beta launch of that. Right now, we are turning Archon that. Right now, we are turning Archon that. Right now, we are turning Archon into the operating system for AI coding into the operating system for AI coding into the operating system for AI coding assistance. It's super exciting. I'll assistance. It's super exciting. I'll assistance. It's super exciting. I'll explain in this video what that means explain in this video what that means explain in this video what that means and how you can get started with Archon and how you can get started with Archon and how you can get started with Archon yourself today. Now, listen up because yourself today. Now, listen up because yourself today. Now, listen up because there are some big problems for AI there are some big problems for AI there are some big problems for AI coding assistance that Archon is aiming coding assistance that Archon is aiming coding assistance that Archon is aiming to solve. As powerful as they are, AI to solve. As powerful as they are, AI to solve. As powerful as they are, AI coding assistants almost completely lack coding assistants almost completely lack coding assistants almost completely lack two of the most important components of two of the most important components of two of the most important components of context engineering. I'm talking about context engineering. I'm talking about context engineering. I'm talking about rag for our knowledge and documentation rag for our knowledge and documentation rag for our knowledge and documentation and project management tools like cloud and project management tools like cloud and project management tools like cloud code and curo. All they have is basic code and curo. All they have is basic code and curo. All they have is basic web search and internal task management web search and internal task management web search and internal task management tools that we can hardly interact with. tools that we can hardly interact with. tools that we can hardly interact with. And so I built archon to solve this and And so I built archon to solve this and And so I built archon to solve this and completely revolutionize the way that we completely revolutionize the way that we completely revolutionize the way that we use AI coding assistants today. And I'm use AI coding assistants today. And I'm use AI coding assistants today. And I'm releasing it as an open-source beta tool releasing it as an open-source beta tool releasing it as an open-source beta tool that gives you a full command center to that gives you a full command center to that gives you a full command center to work with your coding assistants and work with your coding assistants and work with your coding assistants and collaborate with them at a much deeper collaborate with them at a much deeper collaborate with them at a much deeper level. Buckle up because in this video level. Buckle up because in this video level. Buckle up because in this video I'm going to give you a demo of Archon. I'm going to give you a demo of Archon. I'm going to give you a demo of Archon. I'll show you how you can start using it I'll show you how you can start using it I'll show you how you can start using it yourself today. And we'll even have a yourself today. And we'll even have a yourself today. And we'll even have a conversation with one of the other conversation with one of the other conversation with one of the other maintainers from the Dynamis community, maintainers from the Dynamis community, maintainers from the Dynamis community, Shawn Buck. We'll dive into the future Shawn Buck. We'll dive into the future Shawn Buck. We'll dive into the future of Archon and our vision for it and how of Archon and our vision for it and how of Archon and our vision for it and how it relates to context engineering and it relates to context engineering and it relates to context engineering and all the other stuff that I've been all the other stuff that I've been all the other stuff that I've been covering on my channel recently. And I covering on my channel recently. And I covering on my channel recently. And I mean this sincerely. If you are not mean this sincerely. If you are not mean this sincerely. If you are not hooked on using Archon for all your AI hooked on using Archon for all your AI hooked on using Archon for all your AI coding after watching this video, then coding after watching this video, then coding after watching this video, then I'm just simply not doing my job I'm just simply not doing my job I'm just simply not doing my job conveying the power of this operating conveying the power of this operating conveying the power of this operating system to you. So, here is the GitHub system to you. So, here is the GitHub system to you. So, here is the GitHub repository for Archon, which I will of repository for Archon, which I will of repository for Archon, which I will of course have linked in the description course have linked in the description course have linked in the description below. And I'm actually using the below. And I'm actually using the below. And I'm actually using the original repository for Archon because original repository for Archon because original repository for Archon because it's very much an evolution of what I it's very much an evolution of what I it's very much an evolution of what I was doing before. So, I just replaced it was doing before. So, I just replaced it was doing before. So, I just replaced it with everything that we have here with with everything that we have here with with everything that we have here with the new operating system for AI coding. the new operating system for AI coding. the new operating system for AI coding. So with the new archon, it is a command So with the new archon, it is a command So with the new archon, it is a command center for AI coding assistants. So for center for AI coding assistants. So for center for AI coding assistants. So for us, it's a sleek interface to manage the us, it's a sleek interface to manage the us, it's a sleek interface to manage the knowledge, context, and tasks for our knowledge, context, and tasks for our knowledge, context, and tasks for our projects. And then for the coding projects. And then for the coding projects. And then for the coding assistant to collaborate on the same assistant to collaborate on the same assistant to collaborate on the same things, it's an MCP server. That's the things, it's an MCP server. That's the things, it's an MCP server. That's the beauty of it. The UI is native to beauty of it. The UI is native to beauty of it. The UI is native to humans. MCP is native to the LLM. So we humans. MCP is native to the LLM. So we humans. MCP is native to the LLM. So we each have our way to collaborate on the each have our way to collaborate on the each have our way to collaborate on the same projects together. And then I'll same projects together. And then I'll same projects together. And then I'll also in my demo cover all the different also in my demo cover all the different also in my demo cover all the different components that we have to archon like components that we have to archon like components that we have to archon like the documentation and rag task the documentation and rag task the documentation and rag task management all that good stuff. And the management all that good stuff. And the management all that good stuff. And the other thing that I'll say here is that other thing that I'll say here is that other thing that I'll say here is that my demo in this video is just to get you my demo in this video is just to get you my demo in this video is just to get you started on what's possible with Archon. started on what's possible with Archon. started on what's possible with Archon. If you really want to dive deep with me, If you really want to dive deep with me, If you really want to dive deep with me, definitely come to the Archon beta definitely come to the Archon beta definitely come to the Archon beta launchparty live stream happening this launchparty live stream happening this launchparty live stream happening this Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central time. I'll actually build something end time. I'll actually build something end time. I'll actually build something end to end using Archon to power my to end using Archon to power my to end using Archon to power my knowledge retrieval and task management. knowledge retrieval and task management. knowledge retrieval and task management. and it's going to be a good time. So and it's going to be a good time. So and it's going to be a good time. So definitely be there for that live definitely be there for that live definitely be there for that live stream. And one of the things that we've stream. And one of the things that we've stream. And one of the things that we've worked so hard on with Archon is making worked so hard on with Archon is making worked so hard on with Archon is making it easy for you to get started. So if it easy for you to get started. So if it easy for you to get started. So if you scroll down in the read me here or you scroll down in the read me here or you scroll down in the read me here or you just jump to the quick start, we've you just jump to the quick start, we've you just jump to the quick start, we've got a very simple guide to get Archon up got a very simple guide to get Archon up got a very simple guide to get Archon up and running. So just a couple of and running. So just a couple of and running. So just a couple of prerequisites that we have here. Docker prerequisites that we have here. Docker prerequisites that we have here. Docker desktop, you need a Superbase account desktop, you need a Superbase account desktop, you need a Superbase account for the database that manages everything for the database that manages everything for the database that manages everything under the hood. And then also an OpenAI under the hood. And then also an OpenAI under the hood. And then also an OpenAI API key for your LLMs and embedding API key for your LLMs and embedding API key for your LLMs and embedding models. And then also we support Gemini models. And then also we support Gemini models. And then also we support Gemini and Olama. You can run everything and Olama. You can run everything and Olama. You can run everything completely locally with Olama with your completely locally with Olama with your completely locally with Olama with your own private knowledge base and MCP own private knowledge base and MCP own private knowledge base and MCP server if you want to do so. And so for server if you want to do so. And so for server if you want to do so. And so for the setup instructions here, you just the setup instructions here, you just the setup instructions here, you just simply have to clone this repository in simply have to clone this repository in simply have to clone this repository in a terminal. Go into the directory here a terminal. Go into the directory here a terminal. Go into the directory here and then you have to configure your and then you have to configure your and then you have to configure your database and your environment variables. database and your environment variables. database and your environment variables. And so I'll pull up my repo right now And so I'll pull up my repo right now And so I'll pull up my repo right now just so I can show you an example of just so I can show you an example of just so I can show you an example of this. You have your example. You'll just this. You have your example. You'll just this. You have your example. You'll just copy it, rename it to and then fill out copy it, rename it to and then fill out copy it, rename it to and then fill out your Superbase URL and Superbase service your Superbase URL and Superbase service your Superbase URL and Superbase service ro key. And those are the only required ro key. And those are the only required ro key. And those are the only required environment variables to start. And then environment variables to start. And then environment variables to start. And then we can dive into our database setup. And we can dive into our database setup. And we can dive into our database setup. And so I'll show you this within Superbase so I'll show you this within Superbase so I'll show you this within Superbase and your Superbase project. You just and your Superbase project. You just and your Superbase project. You just have to go to the SQL editor. That's have to go to the SQL editor. That's have to go to the SQL editor. That's this tab right here. This is going to this tab right here. This is going to this tab right here. This is going to work both for local and hosted work both for local and hosted work both for local and hosted Superbase. So like I said, you can do Superbase. So like I said, you can do Superbase. So like I said, you can do everything 100% local if you want to everything 100% local if you want to everything 100% local if you want to host Olama and Superbase. So you just go host Olama and Superbase. So you just go host Olama and Superbase. So you just go into the SQL editor and you paste in the into the SQL editor and you paste in the into the SQL editor and you paste in the content that I have within this file in content that I have within this file in content that I have within this file in the repository. So this gives you all the repository. So this gives you all the repository. So this gives you all the SQL to create all the tables that the SQL to create all the tables that the SQL to create all the tables that Archon uses under the hood to store your Archon uses under the hood to store your Archon uses under the hood to store your knowledge, your projects, and your knowledge, your projects, and your knowledge, your projects, and your tasks. And then going back here, the tasks. And then going back here, the tasks. And then going back here, the only other thing we have to do is use only other thing we have to do is use only other thing we have to do is use Docker to spin up all of our containers. Docker to spin up all of our containers. Docker to spin up all of our containers. You just copy this command, go into your You just copy this command, go into your You just copy this command, go into your terminal here. I'll just pull this up terminal here. I'll just pull this up terminal here. I'll just pull this up and show you and run this command to and show you and run this command to and show you and run this command to build the Archon MCP server, the build the Archon MCP server, the build the Archon MCP server, the backend, and the user interface that we backend, and the user interface that we backend, and the user interface that we use to work with our coding assistant. use to work with our coding assistant. use to work with our coding assistant. So here are the default ports that So here are the default ports that So here are the default ports that everything runs on. You can configure everything runs on. You can configure everything runs on. You can configure this as well and there's more this as well and there's more this as well and there's more instructions on that at the bottom of instructions on that at the bottom of instructions on that at the bottom of the readme. So the first thing we can do the readme. So the first thing we can do the readme. So the first thing we can do is just go to localhost 3737. That's is just go to localhost 3737. That's is just go to localhost 3737. That's going to bring us to this page right going to bring us to this page right going to bring us to this page right here where we can start configuring here where we can start configuring here where we can start configuring archon. We can crawl the knowledge, set archon. We can crawl the knowledge, set archon. We can crawl the knowledge, set up the MCP server. That's what I'm going up the MCP server. That's what I'm going up the MCP server. That's what I'm going to walk you through right now. So when to walk you through right now. So when to walk you through right now. So when you first go into Archon, the first you first go into Archon, the first you first go into Archon, the first thing that you want to do is configure thing that you want to do is configure thing that you want to do is configure your settings. So that's the bottom tab your settings. So that's the bottom tab your settings. So that's the bottom tab right here. We're also working on an right here. We're also working on an right here. We're also working on an onboarding flow that'll walk you through onboarding flow that'll walk you through onboarding flow that'll walk you through some of this because you need to set some of this because you need to set some of this because you need to set your API key for Google or OpenAI. Or if your API key for Google or OpenAI. Or if your API key for Google or OpenAI. Or if you select Olama, which is in progress you select Olama, which is in progress you select Olama, which is in progress right now. We're working on this because right now. We're working on this because right now. We're working on this because Archon is in beta. Then you don't have Archon is in beta. Then you don't have Archon is in beta. Then you don't have to set an API key at all. And then we to set an API key at all. And then we to set an API key at all. And then we can also copy our IDE global rules. And can also copy our IDE global rules. And can also copy our IDE global rules. And so we have global rules crafted for you so we have global rules crafted for you so we have global rules crafted for you to guide your AI coding assistant on how to guide your AI coding assistant on how to guide your AI coding assistant on how to leverage archon effectively. And you to leverage archon effectively. And you to leverage archon effectively. And you can definitely customize these as well. can definitely customize these as well. can definitely customize these as well. And so right now these are the ones that And so right now these are the ones that And so right now these are the ones that we have for cursor wind surf and cloud we have for cursor wind surf and cloud we have for cursor wind surf and cloud code. We're also working on generalizing code. We're also working on generalizing code. We're also working on generalizing this to make it so it'll apply no matter this to make it so it'll apply no matter this to make it so it'll apply no matter your AI coding assistant. You can your AI coding assistant. You can your AI coding assistant. You can definitely just take one of these and definitely just take one of these and definitely just take one of these and use it for something else like hero or use it for something else like hero or use it for something else like hero or augment code if you want as well. So you augment code if you want as well. So you augment code if you want as well. So you can just copy these rules and then add can just copy these rules and then add can just copy these rules and then add them along with your other existing them along with your other existing them along with your other existing global rules. You can just tack this on global rules. You can just tack this on global rules. You can just tack this on to whatever you're already using with to whatever you're already using with to whatever you're already using with your AI coding assistant. And then your AI coding assistant. And then your AI coding assistant. And then there's a lot of other different there's a lot of other different there's a lot of other different settings that I'll probably talk about settings that I'll probably talk about settings that I'll probably talk about more in the live stream. I don't want to more in the live stream. I don't want to more in the live stream. I don't want to get into right now, but you're it's very get into right now, but you're it's very get into right now, but you're it's very configurable. It's customizable to you. configurable. It's customizable to you. configurable. It's customizable to you. And that's one of the things that makes And that's one of the things that makes And that's one of the things that makes Archon better than something like Archon better than something like Archon better than something like Context 7 because this is your own Context 7 because this is your own Context 7 because this is your own private knowledge base. You get to private knowledge base. You get to private knowledge base. You get to manage the strategies for Rag and the manage the strategies for Rag and the manage the strategies for Rag and the way that we're extracting code examples way that we're extracting code examples way that we're extracting code examples and things like that. So, you're very and things like that. So, you're very and things like that. So, you're very much building your own configurable much building your own configurable much building your own configurable private knowledge base, which that's private knowledge base, which that's private knowledge base, which that's actually the next thing that I want to actually the next thing that I want to actually the next thing that I want to cover here in the knowledgebased tab. cover here in the knowledgebased tab. cover here in the knowledgebased tab. When you add your knowledge with this When you add your knowledge with this When you add your knowledge with this button in the top right, there's a lot button in the top right, there's a lot button in the top right, there's a lot of different options that we have here of different options that we have here of different options that we have here for the different knowledge sources that for the different knowledge sources that for the different knowledge sources that you can add. And then your coding you can add. And then your coding you can add. And then your coding assistant through the MCP server can assistant through the MCP server can assistant through the MCP server can perform rag to search through all of perform rag to search through all of perform rag to search through all of this documentation and business this documentation and business this documentation and business knowledge. And so I can give it a URL to knowledge. And so I can give it a URL to knowledge. And so I can give it a URL to scrape. Like for example, I can have it scrape. Like for example, I can have it scrape. Like for example, I can have it scrape the LLM's full.ext for pyantic scrape the LLM's full.ext for pyantic scrape the LLM's full.ext for pyantic AI. So any kind of website, sitemaps, AI. So any kind of website, sitemaps, AI. So any kind of website, sitemaps, llms.ext, just full websites that it'll llms.ext, just full websites that it'll llms.ext, just full websites that it'll crawl through recursively. You can give crawl through recursively. You can give crawl through recursively. You can give it all these different kinds of URLs it all these different kinds of URLs it all these different kinds of URLs just like I had in the crawl for AAI rag just like I had in the crawl for AAI rag just like I had in the crawl for AAI rag MCP server that I've been building on my MCP server that I've been building on my MCP server that I've been building on my channel. I'm incorporating all these channel. I'm incorporating all these channel. I'm incorporating all these things into Archon just like I said I things into Archon just like I said I things into Archon just like I said I would. And you can also upload your own would. And you can also upload your own would. And you can also upload your own documents as well. If you want to upload documents as well. If you want to upload documents as well. If you want to upload business documents like PDFs that will business documents like PDFs that will business documents like PDFs that will guide the AI coding process, you can do guide the AI coding process, you can do guide the AI coding process, you can do that. And it's going to chunk those up that. And it's going to chunk those up that. And it's going to chunk those up and embed those, put them in the and embed those, put them in the and embed those, put them in the knowledge base for rag just like the knowledge base for rag just like the knowledge base for rag just like the technical URLs for things like library technical URLs for things like library technical URLs for things like library documentation. And I'll actually show documentation. And I'll actually show documentation. And I'll actually show you what this looks like in real time you what this looks like in real time you what this looks like in real time here. Like if I just recrawl one of here. Like if I just recrawl one of here. Like if I just recrawl one of these, like for example, I've got the these, like for example, I've got the these, like for example, I've got the documentation for Pantic AI, mezzero, documentation for Pantic AI, mezzero, documentation for Pantic AI, mezzero, langraph, and then cloud code. And I can langraph, and then cloud code. And I can langraph, and then cloud code. And I can rec crawl one of these. I'll show you rec crawl one of these. I'll show you rec crawl one of these. I'll show you just how beautiful this looks. It's so just how beautiful this looks. It's so just how beautiful this looks. It's so cool. We have real-time feedback from cool. We have real-time feedback from cool. We have real-time feedback from the API through these websockets that we the API through these websockets that we the API through these websockets that we have set up that'll give us the status have set up that'll give us the status have set up that'll give us the status of our crawling. So in this case, it of our crawling. So in this case, it of our crawling. So in this case, it takes that first URL and it actually takes that first URL and it actually takes that first URL and it actually using crawl for under the hood. It using crawl for under the hood. It using crawl for under the hood. It recursively goes through, finds all the recursively goes through, finds all the recursively goes through, finds all the different URLs to navigate through to different URLs to navigate through to different URLs to navigate through to give us the full documentation. So it give us the full documentation. So it give us the full documentation. So it found 44 in total. Now it's crawling found 44 in total. Now it's crawling found 44 in total. Now it's crawling through all of those in batches of five. through all of those in batches of five. through all of those in batches of five. And then after it does that, it'll go And then after it does that, it'll go And then after it does that, it'll go through the embedding and chunking through the embedding and chunking through the embedding and chunking process, getting everything ready for process, getting everything ready for process, getting everything ready for rag in our Superbase knowledge base. And rag in our Superbase knowledge base. And rag in our Superbase knowledge base. And so I don't need to show the full process so I don't need to show the full process so I don't need to show the full process right here. I definitely encourage you right here. I definitely encourage you right here. I definitely encourage you to play around with Archon yourself. to play around with Archon yourself. to play around with Archon yourself. Like there's anything that I'm not Like there's anything that I'm not Like there's anything that I'm not showing here that you're curious about, showing here that you're curious about, showing here that you're curious about, try it yourself. It's so easy to get try it yourself. It's so easy to get try it yourself. It's so easy to get started like I showed you. And like I started like I showed you. And like I started like I showed you. And like I said, I really hope that it just blows said, I really hope that it just blows said, I really hope that it just blows your mind. And so once you have your your mind. And so once you have your your mind. And so once you have your knowledge set up, then you can connect knowledge set up, then you can connect knowledge set up, then you can connect your MCP server. So you go to the MCP your MCP server. So you go to the MCP your MCP server. So you go to the MCP server tab and here you can see the logs server tab and here you can see the logs server tab and here you can see the logs for your server on the top. You can stop for your server on the top. You can stop for your server on the top. You can stop your server and restart it if you're your server and restart it if you're your server and restart it if you're doing things like changing your doing things like changing your doing things like changing your environment variables. So I'll go ahead environment variables. So I'll go ahead environment variables. So I'll go ahead and start it again. Super easy to manage and start it again. Super easy to manage and start it again. Super easy to manage the MCP. And then we have tabs here to the MCP. And then we have tabs here to the MCP. And then we have tabs here to instruct you on how based on your AI instruct you on how based on your AI instruct you on how based on your AI coding assistant to connect to the coding assistant to connect to the coding assistant to connect to the Archon MCP server. And we're working on Archon MCP server. And we're working on Archon MCP server. And we're working on expanding this as well to cover expanding this as well to cover expanding this as well to cover different coding assistants like hero different coding assistants like hero different coding assistants like hero and augment code and client. So like and augment code and client. So like and augment code and client. So like winds surf cursor cloud code. I can winds surf cursor cloud code. I can winds surf cursor cloud code. I can click on cloud code because that's the click on cloud code because that's the click on cloud code because that's the one that I'm going to be using in my one that I'm going to be using in my one that I'm going to be using in my demo here and we got super simple demo here and we got super simple demo here and we got super simple instructions. So we just take the cloud instructions. So we just take the cloud instructions. So we just take the cloud MCP add command, copy this, and I'll use MCP add command, copy this, and I'll use MCP add command, copy this, and I'll use that in a little bit. But the other that in a little bit. But the other that in a little bit. But the other thing I want to show you first is the thing I want to show you first is the thing I want to show you first is the project management tab. This is where we project management tab. This is where we project management tab. This is where we have task management for our AI coding have task management for our AI coding have task management for our AI coding assistants. And I'll show you one of the assistants. And I'll show you one of the assistants. And I'll show you one of the other projects where I'm actually like other projects where I'm actually like other projects where I'm actually like in progress here. And the beauty of this in progress here. And the beauty of this in progress here. And the beauty of this is that the connection that we have here is that the connection that we have here is that the connection that we have here with us and the UI and the coding with us and the UI and the coding with us and the UI and the coding assistant and the MCP server, it is real assistant and the MCP server, it is real assistant and the MCP server, it is real time. So while the coding assistant is time. So while the coding assistant is time. So while the coding assistant is running, we can correct things. We can running, we can correct things. We can running, we can correct things. We can edit the description of a task. We can edit the description of a task. We can edit the description of a task. We can move something back into the backlog and move something back into the backlog and move something back into the backlog and describe why. And the coding assistant describe why. And the coding assistant describe why. And the coding assistant will have that reflected immediately will have that reflected immediately will have that reflected immediately when it reads the task the next time. when it reads the task the next time. when it reads the task the next time. And as it is doing things, we also get And as it is doing things, we also get And as it is doing things, we also get to see things get populated and moved to see things get populated and moved to see things get populated and moved around in the UI in real time. And that around in the UI in real time. And that around in the UI in real time. And that really helps us project manage it, really helps us project manage it, really helps us project manage it, really have that deeper level of really have that deeper level of really have that deeper level of collaboration. like I was saying. And so collaboration. like I was saying. And so collaboration. like I was saying. And so let's actually just see this in action. let's actually just see this in action. let's actually just see this in action. I've got a new project created for an AI I've got a new project created for an AI I've got a new project created for an AI news agent for the demo that I'm going news agent for the demo that I'm going news agent for the demo that I'm going to give you here. So we'll go to the MCP to give you here. So we'll go to the MCP to give you here. So we'll go to the MCP tab. I'll go to cloud code. I'll copy tab. I'll go to cloud code. I'll copy tab. I'll go to cloud code. I'll copy this command here to add the server. this command here to add the server. this command here to add the server. I'll paste this into my terminal here I'll paste this into my terminal here I'll paste this into my terminal here that I have running in my IDE. I already that I have running in my IDE. I already that I have running in my IDE. I already have it added, but otherwise it would have it added, but otherwise it would have it added, but otherwise it would add it for the first time. I can do add it for the first time. I can do add it for the first time. I can do cloudm list, which will actually test cloudm list, which will actually test cloudm list, which will actually test our connection to archon as well. our connection to archon as well. our connection to archon as well. Looking really good. And so what I'm Looking really good. And so what I'm Looking really good. And so what I'm demoing here, this is an agent that I demoing here, this is an agent that I demoing here, this is an agent that I actually built in the Dynamis community actually built in the Dynamis community actually built in the Dynamis community for one of our workshops. So it's a for one of our workshops. So it's a for one of our workshops. So it's a langraph in Padantic AI agentic workflow langraph in Padantic AI agentic workflow langraph in Padantic AI agentic workflow that we have here based off of a that we have here based off of a that we have here based off of a prototype that I have in NAND. So I went prototype that I have in NAND. So I went prototype that I have in NAND. So I went through the full PRP process which I'll through the full PRP process which I'll through the full PRP process which I'll link to a video right here if you're link to a video right here if you're link to a video right here if you're curious to dive into this more. So I curious to dive into this more. So I curious to dive into this more. So I described initially what I want. I used described initially what I want. I used described initially what I want. I used my execute PRP command to generate this my execute PRP command to generate this my execute PRP command to generate this PRP which is the full spec for what we PRP which is the full spec for what we PRP which is the full spec for what we want to build. And so I'm going to be want to build. And so I'm going to be want to build. And so I'm going to be using this plus task management and rag using this plus task management and rag using this plus task management and rag with archon to build the complete thing. with archon to build the complete thing. with archon to build the complete thing. So I'll go into claude and then I'll So I'll go into claude and then I'll So I'll go into claude and then I'll paste in the command to execute this paste in the command to execute this paste in the command to execute this PRP. So I'll go ahead and kick this off. PRP. So I'll go ahead and kick this off. PRP. So I'll go ahead and kick this off. And then also for demonstration purposes And then also for demonstration purposes And then also for demonstration purposes in the PRP, I'm telling it to use the in the PRP, I'm telling it to use the in the PRP, I'm telling it to use the existing project in archon and create existing project in archon and create existing project in archon and create the tasks for the project and perform the tasks for the project and perform the tasks for the project and perform rag early on just so for our demo rag early on just so for our demo rag early on just so for our demo purposes we can see that happen right purposes we can see that happen right purposes we can see that happen right away so I can show you Archon in action. away so I can show you Archon in action. away so I can show you Archon in action. So I'll pull up archon again. I'll go So I'll pull up archon again. I'll go So I'll pull up archon again. I'll go back to the project management tab and back to the project management tab and back to the project management tab and then within our news agent here we can then within our news agent here we can then within our news agent here we can see the tasks start to get populated. see the tasks start to get populated. see the tasks start to get populated. Right now it's listing the projects that Right now it's listing the projects that Right now it's listing the projects that we have in Archon. So it's using the MCP we have in Archon. So it's using the MCP we have in Archon. So it's using the MCP server and then in a second it's going server and then in a second it's going server and then in a second it's going to start creating some tasks. So it to start creating some tasks. So it to start creating some tasks. So it finds that we have nothing here. We're finds that we have nothing here. We're finds that we have nothing here. We're starting the project from scratch. So starting the project from scratch. So starting the project from scratch. So there we go. It's going to do some rag there we go. It's going to do some rag there we go. It's going to do some rag research and then start populating our research and then start populating our research and then start populating our tasks. And so I have the knowledge for tasks. And so I have the knowledge for tasks. And so I have the knowledge for podantic langraph already crawled like I podantic langraph already crawled like I podantic langraph already crawled like I showed you in the knowledge tab. So now showed you in the knowledge tab. So now showed you in the knowledge tab. So now it's performing those queries to get it's performing those queries to get it's performing those queries to get that information to enhance its code that information to enhance its code that information to enhance its code generations. So there we go. We got 129 generations. So there we go. We got 129 generations. So there we go. We got 129 results. I can do control-R to expand results. I can do control-R to expand results. I can do control-R to expand this. We can see the different chunks this. We can see the different chunks this. We can see the different chunks that it retrieved from this retrieval. that it retrieved from this retrieval. that it retrieved from this retrieval. And it's going to look at code examples And it's going to look at code examples And it's going to look at code examples as well. There's a couple of different as well. There's a couple of different as well. There's a couple of different things. Yep, there we go. Searching for things. Yep, there we go. Searching for things. Yep, there we go. Searching for code examples. There's a couple code examples. There's a couple code examples. There's a couple different functions that we give it for different functions that we give it for different functions that we give it for more agentic rag to search through our more agentic rag to search through our more agentic rag to search through our knowledge base in different ways. And knowledge base in different ways. And knowledge base in different ways. And there's a lot of strategies for rag that there's a lot of strategies for rag that there's a lot of strategies for rag that I have built into this under the hood. I have built into this under the hood. I have built into this under the hood. And so yeah, I'll pause and come back And so yeah, I'll pause and come back And so yeah, I'll pause and come back once it gets more to the task management once it gets more to the task management once it gets more to the task management side of things. All right, so there we side of things. All right, so there we side of things. All right, so there we go. It created its first task right here go. It created its first task right here go. It created its first task right here to update the graph state. And I didn't to update the graph state. And I didn't to update the graph state. And I didn't even have to refresh my page. It's all even have to refresh my page. It's all even have to refresh my page. It's all in real time thanks to the websockets in real time thanks to the websockets in real time thanks to the websockets that we have here. And there's another that we have here. And there's another that we have here. And there's another task popping up. The websockets that we task popping up. The websockets that we task popping up. The websockets that we have here between the MCP server and our have here between the MCP server and our have here between the MCP server and our user interface. It is such a beautiful user interface. It is such a beautiful user interface. It is such a beautiful thing. So it's starting to just there we thing. So it's starting to just there we thing. So it's starting to just there we go. Create all the tasks that we have go. Create all the tasks that we have go. Create all the tasks that we have here. And then it's going to knock them here. And then it's going to knock them here. And then it's going to knock them out one by one slowly moving them into out one by one slowly moving them into out one by one slowly moving them into in process and then in review, moving on in process and then in review, moving on in process and then in review, moving on to the next one. And like I said, we can to the next one. And like I said, we can to the next one. And like I said, we can update these descriptions and things in update these descriptions and things in update these descriptions and things in real time, add our own tasks, and it's real time, add our own tasks, and it's real time, add our own tasks, and it's going to automatically incorporate those going to automatically incorporate those going to automatically incorporate those things without us even having to things without us even having to things without us even having to interrupt Claude code or your coding interrupt Claude code or your coding interrupt Claude code or your coding assistant. That is the beauty of it assistant. That is the beauty of it assistant. That is the beauty of it because a lot of times when you because a lot of times when you because a lot of times when you interrupt a coding assistant, it causes interrupt a coding assistant, it causes interrupt a coding assistant, it causes a lot of problems. It starts to a lot of problems. It starts to a lot of problems. It starts to hallucinate because you cut it off in hallucinate because you cut it off in hallucinate because you cut it off in the middle of thinking and when you the middle of thinking and when you the middle of thinking and when you resume it with another set of resume it with another set of resume it with another set of instructions, it's not really in its instructions, it's not really in its instructions, it's not really in its natural flow. And so if I update the natural flow. And so if I update the natural flow. And so if I update the task in my interface, then it's going to task in my interface, then it's going to task in my interface, then it's going to pick up those changes when it comes time pick up those changes when it comes time pick up those changes when it comes time to actually get to that task. And so to actually get to that task. And so to actually get to that task. And so we're collaborating in a much better way we're collaborating in a much better way we're collaborating in a much better way than just doing an escape or a double than just doing an escape or a double than just doing an escape or a double escape here, typing in wherever we want escape here, typing in wherever we want escape here, typing in wherever we want it to fix, and then having it try to it to fix, and then having it try to it to fix, and then having it try to pick up where it left off and pick up where it left off and pick up where it left off and incorporate that when it makes sense. So incorporate that when it makes sense. So incorporate that when it makes sense. So I hope you can kind of see like why this I hope you can kind of see like why this I hope you can kind of see like why this matters so much that we're able to work matters so much that we're able to work matters so much that we're able to work with the coding assistant in a UI and with the coding assistant in a UI and with the coding assistant in a UI and allow it to be a lot more flexible in allow it to be a lot more flexible in allow it to be a lot more flexible in the way that it takes in our feedback the way that it takes in our feedback the way that it takes in our feedback when the time is right. And so yeah, when the time is right. And so yeah, when the time is right. And so yeah, that's what I wanted to show for Archon that's what I wanted to show for Archon that's what I wanted to show for Archon right now. I'm obviously not going to right now. I'm obviously not going to right now. I'm obviously not going to walk through the full end to end because walk through the full end to end because walk through the full end to end because I wanted to keep this simple and I wanted to keep this simple and I wanted to keep this simple and definitely come to the live stream if definitely come to the live stream if definitely come to the live stream if you want to see me like actually use you want to see me like actually use you want to see me like actually use this to completion. But yeah, that's this to completion. But yeah, that's this to completion. But yeah, that's everything that I wanted to show for everything that I wanted to show for everything that I wanted to show for Archon right here. Next up, we have a Archon right here. Next up, we have a Archon right here. Next up, we have a word from our sponsor, which sponsors word from our sponsor, which sponsors word from our sponsor, which sponsors are how I'm able to do these things like are how I'm able to do these things like are how I'm able to do these things like Archon for free for you. Then we'll get Archon for free for you. Then we'll get Archon for free for you. Then we'll get into the conversation with Shawn and into the conversation with Shawn and into the conversation with Shawn and talk more about the vision behind Archon talk more about the vision behind Archon talk more about the vision behind Archon and the future of it. Now, we've been and the future of it. Now, we've been and the future of it. Now, we've been talking a lot about Cloud Code in this talking a lot about Cloud Code in this talking a lot about Cloud Code in this video, and it is my favorite AI coding video, and it is my favorite AI coding video, and it is my favorite AI coding assistant, but when it comes to building assistant, but when it comes to building assistant, but when it comes to building front-end applications, I still rely a front-end applications, I still rely a front-end applications, I still rely a lot on AI powered app builders like lot on AI powered app builders like lot on AI powered app builders like Lovable or Bolt. New. And that brings us Lovable or Bolt. New. And that brings us Lovable or Bolt. New. And that brings us to the sponsor of today's video, which to the sponsor of today's video, which to the sponsor of today's video, which is Hostinger, and specifically their is Hostinger, and specifically their is Hostinger, and specifically their Hostinger Horizon's platform. It's a new Hostinger Horizon's platform. It's a new Hostinger Horizon's platform. It's a new player in the AI app building space player in the AI app building space player in the AI app building space that's been on my radar recently, and that's been on my radar recently, and that's been on my radar recently, and it's really started to impress me. And it's really started to impress me. And it's really started to impress me. And what sets Horizon apart is Hostinger is what sets Horizon apart is Hostinger is what sets Horizon apart is Hostinger is already your platform for your already your platform for your already your platform for your professional email, your domain, and professional email, your domain, and professional email, your domain, and your website hosting. So now you just your website hosting. So now you just your website hosting. So now you just have everything under one umbrella, have everything under one umbrella, have everything under one umbrella, including with Horizon now, this including with Horizon now, this including with Horizon now, this beautiful new platform for building our beautiful new platform for building our beautiful new platform for building our frontends. And it's just like other AI frontends. And it's just like other AI frontends. And it's just like other AI app builders where you describe in plain app builders where you describe in plain app builders where you describe in plain English what you want. Like here, I'm English what you want. Like here, I'm English what you want. Like here, I'm having it create a website for my having it create a website for my having it create a website for my Dynamus AI mastery community. And then Dynamus AI mastery community. And then Dynamus AI mastery community. And then boom, after a couple of minutes, we have boom, after a couple of minutes, we have boom, after a couple of minutes, we have this beautiful UI created for us, ready this beautiful UI created for us, ready this beautiful UI created for us, ready to iterate on and even host. And I to iterate on and even host. And I to iterate on and even host. And I actually took the same prompt and I actually took the same prompt and I actually took the same prompt and I compared it with lovable and with bolt compared it with lovable and with bolt compared it with lovable and with bolt new and I definitely think that new and I definitely think that new and I definitely think that Horizon's won here. Plus, we can edit Horizon's won here. Plus, we can edit Horizon's won here. Plus, we can edit the code directly if we want to work the code directly if we want to work the code directly if we want to work more alongside the coding assistant. more alongside the coding assistant. more alongside the coding assistant. They have integrations with superbase They have integrations with superbase They have integrations with superbase and with e-commerce. You can build an and with e-commerce. You can build an and with e-commerce. You can build an online store super easily in Hostinger online store super easily in Hostinger online store super easily in Hostinger Horizons. And also, like I said, it's Horizons. And also, like I said, it's Horizons. And also, like I said, it's very easy to iterate as well. So, for very easy to iterate as well. So, for very easy to iterate as well. So, for example, if I want to take this button example, if I want to take this button example, if I want to take this button and make it actually work, I can just and make it actually work, I can just and make it actually work, I can just send in this prompt to have the join send in this prompt to have the join send in this prompt to have the join buttons go to my website. And there we buttons go to my website. And there we buttons go to my website. And there we go. 30 seconds later, these links now go. 30 seconds later, these links now go. 30 seconds later, these links now work absolutely beautiful. And I can work absolutely beautiful. And I can work absolutely beautiful. And I can publish in a single click because I'm publish in a single click because I'm publish in a single click because I'm integrated directly within Hostinger integrated directly within Hostinger integrated directly within Hostinger with their domain and website hosting. with their domain and website hosting. with their domain and website hosting. And I can even use my own custom domains And I can even use my own custom domains And I can even use my own custom domains like I'm doing right here. So I have like I'm doing right here. So I have like I'm doing right here. So I have everything hosted on Hostinger built everything hosted on Hostinger built everything hosted on Hostinger built with Hostinger Horizons. And getting with Hostinger Horizons. And getting with Hostinger Horizons. And getting started could not be easier. I have a started could not be easier. I have a started could not be easier. I have a link in the description below. And also link in the description below. And also link in the description below. And also when you use my discount code, you get when you use my discount code, you get when you use my discount code, you get 10% off your plan. And I'm just showing 10% off your plan. And I'm just showing 10% off your plan. And I'm just showing you right here really quickly how you you right here really quickly how you you right here really quickly how you can apply my discount code, which I also can apply my discount code, which I also can apply my discount code, which I also have in the description. Super super have in the description. Super super have in the description. Super super easy. And yearly plans of Horizons also easy. And yearly plans of Horizons also easy. And yearly plans of Horizons also get free hosting and a free domain. And get free hosting and a free domain. And get free hosting and a free domain. And so if you've had that app that you've so if you've had that app that you've so if you've had that app that you've wanted to build for a while now and you wanted to build for a while now and you wanted to build for a while now and you just haven't found the tool to use it, just haven't found the tool to use it, just haven't found the tool to use it, definitely check out Hostinger Horizons. definitely check out Hostinger Horizons. definitely check out Hostinger Horizons. All right, we have the man himself, All right, we have the man himself, All right, we have the man himself, Shawn here. And there have been a lot of Shawn here. And there have been a lot of Shawn here. And there have been a lot of amazing people that I've met in the amazing people that I've met in the amazing people that I've met in the Dynamis community the past few months, Dynamis community the past few months, Dynamis community the past few months, and Shawn is definitely one of them. So, and Shawn is definitely one of them. So, and Shawn is definitely one of them. So, he was super interested in Archon he was super interested in Archon he was super interested in Archon towards its inception and he wanted to towards its inception and he wanted to towards its inception and he wanted to get involved and contribute to a much get involved and contribute to a much get involved and contribute to a much larger vision that he brought to me. Um, larger vision that he brought to me. Um, larger vision that he brought to me. Um, Sean is it's he's a visionary and he's Sean is it's he's a visionary and he's Sean is it's he's a visionary and he's got incredible ideas, a lot of which got incredible ideas, a lot of which got incredible ideas, a lot of which you've already seen in the last 5 to 10 you've already seen in the last 5 to 10 you've already seen in the last 5 to 10 minutes in this video here and he's minutes in this video here and he's minutes in this video here and he's going to dive into more. Um, and so going to dive into more. Um, and so going to dive into more. Um, and so yeah, it was just like this immediate yeah, it was just like this immediate yeah, it was just like this immediate connection that we made um, with the connection that we made um, with the connection that we made um, with the vision for Archon because I'm more of vision for Archon because I'm more of vision for Archon because I'm more of like the technical person building out like the technical person building out like the technical person building out the back end like you guys have seen the back end like you guys have seen the back end like you guys have seen with the first version of Archon and the with the first version of Archon and the with the first version of Archon and the crawl for AAI rag MCP and then Sean has crawl for AAI rag MCP and then Sean has crawl for AAI rag MCP and then Sean has the vision for the UI and the UX and the vision for the UI and the UX and the vision for the UI and the UX and like really building this into a like really building this into a like really building this into a beautiful user experience as we're beautiful user experience as we're beautiful user experience as we're building this operating system for AI building this operating system for AI building this operating system for AI coding assistance and and what you're coding assistance and and what you're coding assistance and and what you're looking at right here. So Sean, why looking at right here. So Sean, why looking at right here. So Sean, why don't you go ahead and tell us how you don't you go ahead and tell us how you don't you go ahead and tell us how you got interested in Archon initially, what got interested in Archon initially, what got interested in Archon initially, what got you involved, and how you've gotten got you involved, and how you've gotten got you involved, and how you've gotten to where we are now. to where we are now. to where we are now. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Cole. So, um, yeah, it's it's &gt;&gt; Thanks, Cole. So, um, yeah, it's it's &gt;&gt; Thanks, Cole. So, um, yeah, it's it's exciting to be here. I'm a huge fan of exciting to be here. I'm a huge fan of exciting to be here. I'm a huge fan of obviously the Dynamus community being a obviously the Dynamus community being a obviously the Dynamus community being a part of it. Um, and you know, I came part of it. Um, and you know, I came part of it. Um, and you know, I came across I'm a business owner and I across I'm a business owner and I across I'm a business owner and I started getting interested in AI. How is started getting interested in AI. How is started getting interested in AI. How is this going to impact my business? Um, I this going to impact my business? Um, I this going to impact my business? Um, I used to do development in the past and I used to do development in the past and I used to do development in the past and I used to be in the IT field. Uh, but used to be in the IT field. Uh, but used to be in the IT field. Uh, but being an entrepreneur and a business being an entrepreneur and a business being an entrepreneur and a business owner, I needed to figure this out. And owner, I needed to figure this out. And owner, I needed to figure this out. And I came across your channel, oh, probably I came across your channel, oh, probably I came across your channel, oh, probably almost a year ago now, really in the almost a year ago now, really in the almost a year ago now, really in the early stages. And I I there's a lot of early stages. And I I there's a lot of early stages. And I I there's a lot of great content creators out there. But great content creators out there. But great content creators out there. But what attracted me was your view of first what attracted me was your view of first what attracted me was your view of first order principles and learning things the order principles and learning things the order principles and learning things the right way. And so I immediately signed right way. And so I immediately signed right way. And so I immediately signed up for Dynamis Community, but what I up for Dynamis Community, but what I up for Dynamis Community, but what I didn't expect was all the amazing people didn't expect was all the amazing people didn't expect was all the amazing people I'd meet. I've met with other business I'd meet. I've met with other business I'd meet. I've met with other business owners. We're working on projects owners. We're working on projects owners. We're working on projects together. It's been a lot of fun. But together. It's been a lot of fun. But together. It's been a lot of fun. But that Archon video of your original that Archon video of your original that Archon video of your original Archon video really captured me and and Archon video really captured me and and Archon video really captured me and and then crawl for AI and what it was doing then crawl for AI and what it was doing then crawl for AI and what it was doing on the back end. And I was like, man, if on the back end. And I was like, man, if on the back end. And I was like, man, if we just had a really good user interface we just had a really good user interface we just had a really good user interface that could see what's going on the back that could see what's going on the back that could see what's going on the back end, people will see how cool what end, people will see how cool what end, people will see how cool what you're building is. So this is all a you're building is. So this is all a you're building is. So this is all a testament to what you built and um I testament to what you built and um I testament to what you built and um I just hope to contribute to it and just hope to contribute to it and just hope to contribute to it and encourage more people to contribute encourage more people to contribute encourage more people to contribute because this is what we need. We need because this is what we need. We need because this is what we need. We need people contributing together to build people contributing together to build people contributing together to build tools to help us. So that's how I got tools to help us. So that's how I got tools to help us. So that's how I got interested. interested. interested. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate it, Sean. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate it, Sean. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate it, Sean. And this definitely is a tool to help And this definitely is a tool to help And this definitely is a tool to help everyone. Like literally, no matter what everyone. Like literally, no matter what everyone. Like literally, no matter what you are using AI coding assistance to you are using AI coding assistance to you are using AI coding assistance to help create, this is like the backbone help create, this is like the backbone help create, this is like the backbone now for things like the task management now for things like the task management now for things like the task management and the knowledge that I've shown you and the knowledge that I've shown you and the knowledge that I've shown you all in this video already. Like this is all in this video already. Like this is all in this video already. Like this is useful no matter what you want to build. useful no matter what you want to build. useful no matter what you want to build. And the other thing I want to say is if And the other thing I want to say is if And the other thing I want to say is if you want to get involved in Archon, you you want to get involved in Archon, you you want to get involved in Archon, you can do so today. Like it's super easy to can do so today. Like it's super easy to can do so today. Like it's super easy to get started. I've got the repo linked get started. I've got the repo linked get started. I've got the repo linked below. And also, I've got the Archon below. And also, I've got the Archon below. And also, I've got the Archon Beta launch party live stream this Beta launch party live stream this Beta launch party live stream this Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central Saturday, the 16th at 9:00 a.m. Central time. So, I'm going to call it out a few time. So, I'm going to call it out a few time. So, I'm going to call it out a few times throughout this video because I times throughout this video because I times throughout this video because I really want to see you there. So, really want to see you there. So, really want to see you there. So, definitely be there for the launch of definitely be there for the launch of definitely be there for the launch of Archon. I'm going to dive a lot deeper Archon. I'm going to dive a lot deeper Archon. I'm going to dive a lot deeper into using it in action throughout the into using it in action throughout the into using it in action throughout the stream as well. But with that being stream as well. But with that being stream as well. But with that being said, I want to dive more into the said, I want to dive more into the said, I want to dive more into the vision for Archon now. So, we've vision for Archon now. So, we've vision for Archon now. So, we've combined things together and I really combined things together and I really combined things together and I really want to hear from you, Sean, because want to hear from you, Sean, because want to hear from you, Sean, because everyone's already heard about my everyone's already heard about my everyone's already heard about my vision. what's your vision for Archon vision. what's your vision for Archon vision. what's your vision for Archon and what's led to everything that you've and what's led to everything that you've and what's led to everything that you've implemented here? implemented here? implemented here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so thanks for that Cole and and &gt;&gt; Yeah, so thanks for that Cole and and &gt;&gt; Yeah, so thanks for that Cole and and and I think ultimately why Archon and and I think ultimately why Archon and and I think ultimately why Archon and there okay there's tons of coding there okay there's tons of coding there okay there's tons of coding assistants out there. There's Gemini, assistants out there. There's Gemini, assistants out there. There's Gemini, Clog Code, CL, all CLIs. There's there's Clog Code, CL, all CLIs. There's there's Clog Code, CL, all CLIs. There's there's VS Code branches, but how do I keep VS Code branches, but how do I keep VS Code branches, but how do I keep control of what everything's going on control of what everything's going on control of what everything's going on when I'm doing development? And what is when I'm doing development? And what is when I'm doing development? And what is consistent for me as I interact with my consistent for me as I interact with my consistent for me as I interact with my agents? And I want to from a user agents? And I want to from a user agents? And I want to from a user experience perspective, build more experience perspective, build more experience perspective, build more interactions with agents, not agents interactions with agents, not agents interactions with agents, not agents replacing humans, that they're co-pilots replacing humans, that they're co-pilots replacing humans, that they're co-pilots with us, that we're working together. with us, that we're working together. with us, that we're working together. And I really feel like a lot of people And I really feel like a lot of people And I really feel like a lot of people need to take user experience and user need to take user experience and user need to take user experience and user experience isn't just cool looking UIs experience isn't just cool looking UIs experience isn't just cool looking UIs like my Tron-like UI, but it's really like my Tron-like UI, but it's really like my Tron-like UI, but it's really honestly what you did with the crawling honestly what you did with the crawling honestly what you did with the crawling with everything working is also a part with everything working is also a part with everything working is also a part of user experience, but also visual of user experience, but also visual of user experience, but also visual elements to the user. The vision of elements to the user. The vision of elements to the user. The vision of Archon to me should be all things Archon to me should be all things Archon to me should be all things helping humans and coding assistants helping humans and coding assistants helping humans and coding assistants work together. Whether that's working on work together. Whether that's working on work together. Whether that's working on your project documents, whether that's your project documents, whether that's your project documents, whether that's working on your tasks, whether that's working on your tasks, whether that's working on your tasks, whether that's refining your process and the future refining your process and the future refining your process and the future with Dynamus Community, what people are with Dynamus Community, what people are with Dynamus Community, what people are building on to is really cool. Being building on to is really cool. Being building on to is really cool. Being able to see what your sub agents are able to see what your sub agents are able to see what your sub agents are doing. Um, again, this is really just doing. Um, again, this is really just doing. Um, again, this is really just about visibility and just if you've ever about visibility and just if you've ever about visibility and just if you've ever been in a point where you're like, I been in a point where you're like, I been in a point where you're like, I don't know where my codebase is at. don't know where my codebase is at. don't know where my codebase is at. There's document files all over the There's document files all over the There's document files all over the place. Claude created stuff everywhere. place. Claude created stuff everywhere. place. Claude created stuff everywhere. What task are you in on your internal What task are you in on your internal What task are you in on your internal to-dos? I don't know where you're at. to-dos? I don't know where you're at. to-dos? I don't know where you're at. And that was a frustrating Issa always And that was a frustrating Issa always And that was a frustrating Issa always had. So that's what we're trying to had. So that's what we're trying to had. So that's what we're trying to solve here. Um, real quick, you'll see solve here. Um, real quick, you'll see solve here. Um, real quick, you'll see that all of this is an element to help that all of this is an element to help that all of this is an element to help you interact with that more and give you you interact with that more and give you you interact with that more and give you visibility. Where are what what's going visibility. Where are what what's going visibility. Where are what what's going on? What's in process? What's been done? on? What's in process? What's been done? on? What's in process? What's been done? What do I need to review right now? You What do I need to review right now? You What do I need to review right now? You can easily kind of interact with this can easily kind of interact with this can easily kind of interact with this and be able to see the information and and be able to see the information and and be able to see the information and data. You can copy the task ID and put data. You can copy the task ID and put data. You can copy the task ID and put it into your MCP. And that's the beauty it into your MCP. And that's the beauty it into your MCP. And that's the beauty of this too is again the MCP is the of this too is again the MCP is the of this too is again the MCP is the interface for the agent. The UI is the interface for the agent. The UI is the interface for the agent. The UI is the you could use Archon, you know, without you could use Archon, you know, without you could use Archon, you know, without a UI if you want. You could you could a UI if you want. You could you could a UI if you want. You could you could have it go off and still do that with have it go off and still do that with have it go off and still do that with the MCP, but there's a power in you the MCP, but there's a power in you the MCP, but there's a power in you seeing the UI and and and being there. seeing the UI and and and being there. seeing the UI and and and being there. So if you want to work on your documents So if you want to work on your documents So if you want to work on your documents together, right, we built in the ability together, right, we built in the ability together, right, we built in the ability to uh whether you're having PRPs, you to uh whether you're having PRPs, you to uh whether you're having PRPs, you want to do mobile app development, we want to do mobile app development, we want to do mobile app development, we kind of have a nice looking view so you kind of have a nice looking view so you kind of have a nice looking view so you can interact with it, but even a can interact with it, but even a can interact with it, but even a markdown editor so you don't have to, markdown editor so you don't have to, markdown editor so you don't have to, you know, you can just kind of edit your you know, you can just kind of edit your you know, you can just kind of edit your markdown here. A lot of these cool markdown here. A lot of these cool markdown here. A lot of these cool things and experiences for you to play things and experiences for you to play things and experiences for you to play around with. Um, but your agent will around with. Um, but your agent will around with. Um, but your agent will create. It's really cool to see when I create. It's really cool to see when I create. It's really cool to see when I kick off a project and then all of a kick off a project and then all of a kick off a project and then all of a sudden it's like, "Oh, let me create the sudden it's like, "Oh, let me create the sudden it's like, "Oh, let me create the project at Archon and set all the project at Archon and set all the project at Archon and set all the tasks." And it puts it in there and I go tasks." And it puts it in there and I go tasks." And it puts it in there and I go look and I'm like, "Yeah, this plan look and I'm like, "Yeah, this plan look and I'm like, "Yeah, this plan looks good." It's so much easier for me looks good." It's so much easier for me looks good." It's so much easier for me to work with than seeing their to-do to work with than seeing their to-do to work with than seeing their to-do list. And this is how we interact with list. And this is how we interact with list. And this is how we interact with stuff with with combon boards and task stuff with with combon boards and task stuff with with combon boards and task boards. So, as you can see, I'm using boards. So, as you can see, I'm using boards. So, as you can see, I'm using Archon on a daily basis. And when it Archon on a daily basis. And when it Archon on a daily basis. And when it comes to user experience, I believe comes to user experience, I believe comes to user experience, I believe people should be users first. if you're people should be users first. if you're people should be users first. if you're not using your app like that's how you not using your app like that's how you not using your app like that's how you improve it. So hopefully uh everybody improve it. So hopefully uh everybody improve it. So hopefully uh everybody sees the little features and things that sees the little features and things that sees the little features and things that built in to make interaction a lot built in to make interaction a lot built in to make interaction a lot easier. But my projects are working easier. But my projects are working easier. But my projects are working here. I these are this is actually I'm here. I these are this is actually I'm here. I these are this is actually I'm about ready to deploy this uh to about ready to deploy this uh to about ready to deploy this uh to production once I finish testing. As you production once I finish testing. As you production once I finish testing. As you can see I'm in the testing phase. Um can see I'm in the testing phase. Um can see I'm in the testing phase. Um it's great. It's been extremely helpful it's great. It's been extremely helpful it's great. It's been extremely helpful for me. I hope it's helpful for you too. for me. I hope it's helpful for you too. for me. I hope it's helpful for you too. And I I would just really encourage And I I would just really encourage And I I would just really encourage people to contribute. uh what are your people to contribute. uh what are your people to contribute. uh what are your talents and skills and let's make Archon talents and skills and let's make Archon talents and skills and let's make Archon better together and then we all get to better together and then we all get to better together and then we all get to benefit from the use of it. benefit from the use of it. benefit from the use of it. &gt;&gt; Awesome. I love that Sean. Now, the next &gt;&gt; Awesome. I love that Sean. Now, the next &gt;&gt; Awesome. I love that Sean. Now, the next thing that I want to dive in with you, thing that I want to dive in with you, thing that I want to dive in with you, Sean, I think this is probably the most Sean, I think this is probably the most Sean, I think this is probably the most exciting is talking about the future of exciting is talking about the future of exciting is talking about the future of Archon, cuz I know especially you, I Archon, cuz I know especially you, I Archon, cuz I know especially you, I mean, myself, everyone else that's mean, myself, everyone else that's mean, myself, everyone else that's getting involved in the Dynamus getting involved in the Dynamus getting involved in the Dynamus community, like we all have our future community, like we all have our future community, like we all have our future vision for Archon, but especially you, vision for Archon, but especially you, vision for Archon, but especially you, Sean, you have so many incredible ideas Sean, you have so many incredible ideas Sean, you have so many incredible ideas that I've spent a good amount of time uh that I've spent a good amount of time uh that I've spent a good amount of time uh listening to you talk about because like listening to you talk about because like listening to you talk about because like they get me fired up, too. And so the they get me fired up, too. And so the they get me fired up, too. And so the first one that I want to spend some time first one that I want to spend some time first one that I want to spend some time hearing from you about is your ideas of hearing from you about is your ideas of hearing from you about is your ideas of how we can integrate a lot of the things how we can integrate a lot of the things how we can integrate a lot of the things we've been doing with context we've been doing with context we've been doing with context engineering and like the PRP framework, engineering and like the PRP framework, engineering and like the PRP framework, how we can integrate that into Archon. how we can integrate that into Archon. how we can integrate that into Archon. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, um, as we saw in some of &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, um, as we saw in some of &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, um, as we saw in some of the demo before, things like the the demo before, things like the the demo before, things like the documents, there's a user interface documents, there's a user interface documents, there's a user interface there, but being able to start to layer there, but being able to start to layer there, but being able to start to layer on more context in the future, like on more context in the future, like on more context in the future, like being able to define what your processes being able to define what your processes being able to define what your processes are, what agents you want to do in are, what agents you want to do in are, what agents you want to do in certain checkpoints in a very visual way certain checkpoints in a very visual way certain checkpoints in a very visual way that could be then sent to sub aents or that could be then sent to sub aents or that could be then sent to sub aents or whatever system, but I like to see whatever system, but I like to see whatever system, but I like to see things visually. Cloud sub aents have things visually. Cloud sub aents have things visually. Cloud sub aents have been great, but reading a bunch of been great, but reading a bunch of been great, but reading a bunch of markdown documents is I don't know which markdown documents is I don't know which markdown documents is I don't know which step goes next and I get confused in step goes next and I get confused in step goes next and I get confused in those processes sometimes and sometimes those processes sometimes and sometimes those processes sometimes and sometimes it kicks off an agent and it wasn't what it kicks off an agent and it wasn't what it kicks off an agent and it wasn't what I wanted. But I I'm envisioning a cool I wanted. But I I'm envisioning a cool I wanted. But I I'm envisioning a cool view where you can see like a network view where you can see like a network view where you can see like a network chart where they're working and you can chart where they're working and you can chart where they're working and you can see who's doing what. Um we we've got see who's doing what. Um we we've got see who's doing what. Um we we've got some cool people in the Dynamus some cool people in the Dynamus some cool people in the Dynamus community doing stuff with multiple community doing stuff with multiple community doing stuff with multiple being able to do local models and and do being able to do local models and and do being able to do local models and and do local models in parallel. Um, there's a local models in parallel. Um, there's a local models in parallel. Um, there's a ton of stuff going on to really help ton of stuff going on to really help ton of stuff going on to really help with context, but I look at context from with context, but I look at context from with context, but I look at context from a couple different perspectives. You a couple different perspectives. You a couple different perspectives. You have sort of your end goal of what have sort of your end goal of what have sort of your end goal of what you're trying to achieve. That's sort of you're trying to achieve. That's sort of you're trying to achieve. That's sort of your business context, right? Then you your business context, right? Then you your business context, right? Then you have the project context for what you're have the project context for what you're have the project context for what you're trying to do here, but you also have trying to do here, but you also have trying to do here, but you also have technical context, business knowledge technical context, business knowledge technical context, business knowledge context. The agents need context for how context. The agents need context for how context. The agents need context for how they're supposed to operate, like a they're supposed to operate, like a they're supposed to operate, like a development team. Um, and all context development team. Um, and all context development team. Um, and all context goes many many many levels. It's not goes many many many levels. It's not goes many many many levels. It's not just rag, right? Rag helps with context, just rag, right? Rag helps with context, just rag, right? Rag helps with context, but to me context is just keeping but to me context is just keeping but to me context is just keeping everybody on the same page. A lot coming everybody on the same page. A lot coming everybody on the same page. A lot coming with that. There's a lot of cool people with that. There's a lot of cool people with that. There's a lot of cool people doing things with subs. And again, our doing things with subs. And again, our doing things with subs. And again, our goal is to not replace those frameworks, goal is to not replace those frameworks, goal is to not replace those frameworks, but give you visibility to all those but give you visibility to all those but give you visibility to all those frameworks and and have a central frameworks and and have a central frameworks and and have a central command center where you can see what's command center where you can see what's command center where you can see what's going on. going on. going on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's where I'm excited about &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's where I'm excited about &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's where I'm excited about all the and and and if people want to all the and and and if people want to all the and and and if people want to contribute also, you could contribute on contribute also, you could contribute on contribute also, you could contribute on the public side. But if the Dynamus the public side. But if the Dynamus the public side. But if the Dynamus community, we're talking about a lot of community, we're talking about a lot of community, we're talking about a lot of cool stuff. A lot of if if this is if cool stuff. A lot of if if this is if cool stuff. A lot of if if this is if you want to be innovative and you want you want to be innovative and you want you want to be innovative and you want to see the next trends or you have a to see the next trends or you have a to see the next trends or you have a really good idea, come join us. We're really good idea, come join us. We're really good idea, come join us. We're open to all of this stuff publicly and open to all of this stuff publicly and open to all of this stuff publicly and in Dynamus. in Dynamus. in Dynamus. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I appreciate that a &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I appreciate that a &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I appreciate that a lot, Sean. And the really cool thing lot, Sean. And the really cool thing lot, Sean. And the really cool thing with archon is that like you said Sean, with archon is that like you said Sean, with archon is that like you said Sean, it's not a replacement for these it's not a replacement for these it's not a replacement for these different strategies like the PRP different strategies like the PRP different strategies like the PRP framework or spectrum and development or framework or spectrum and development or framework or spectrum and development or the BMAD method. It's actually congruent the BMAD method. It's actually congruent the BMAD method. It's actually congruent with those things and we want to build with those things and we want to build with those things and we want to build some of those processes within archon so some of those processes within archon so some of those processes within archon so it's easier to manage your context as it's easier to manage your context as it's easier to manage your context as you're doing those different strategies, you're doing those different strategies, you're doing those different strategies, whatever works best for you. Um, and whatever works best for you. Um, and whatever works best for you. Um, and then the other thing that I I really then the other thing that I I really then the other thing that I I really want to hone in on with you, Sean, that want to hone in on with you, Sean, that want to hone in on with you, Sean, that you've been talking about already is the you've been talking about already is the you've been talking about already is the whole idea of sub agents. So tell me whole idea of sub agents. So tell me whole idea of sub agents. So tell me more about like how you envision being more about like how you envision being more about like how you envision being able to manage sub agents within archon able to manage sub agents within archon able to manage sub agents within archon as the operating system. as the operating system. as the operating system. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so in my IT career I had a long I &gt;&gt; Yeah, so in my IT career I had a long I &gt;&gt; Yeah, so in my IT career I had a long I was a consultant with agile and helping was a consultant with agile and helping was a consultant with agile and helping teams and development teams work better teams and development teams work better teams and development teams work better together. And I see agents just like together. And I see agents just like together. And I see agents just like teams people reviewing different work. teams people reviewing different work. teams people reviewing different work. In fact with sub agents I see the same In fact with sub agents I see the same In fact with sub agents I see the same hallucinations actually happen with hallucinations actually happen with hallucinations actually happen with humans in corporate world that I see in humans in corporate world that I see in humans in corporate world that I see in sub agents all the time because of lack sub agents all the time because of lack sub agents all the time because of lack of context. And with humans, it's a lot of context. And with humans, it's a lot of context. And with humans, it's a lot harder because someone you'll tell harder because someone you'll tell harder because someone you'll tell somebody, "Hey, do you understand what I somebody, "Hey, do you understand what I somebody, "Hey, do you understand what I mean?" And they'll be like, "Yeah, I mean?" And they'll be like, "Yeah, I mean?" And they'll be like, "Yeah, I understand what you mean, but they understand what you mean, but they understand what you mean, but they really they really don't." Well, Claude really they really don't." Well, Claude really they really don't." Well, Claude does the same thing, but it doesn't tell does the same thing, but it doesn't tell does the same thing, but it doesn't tell you, just like we have in the real you, just like we have in the real you, just like we have in the real world. So, with sub agents, being able world. So, with sub agents, being able world. So, with sub agents, being able to define them as roles and what they do to define them as roles and what they do to define them as roles and what they do and how they hand off to each one one of and how they hand off to each one one of and how they hand off to each one one of another and those interactions is the another and those interactions is the another and those interactions is the context that you need, not necessarily context that you need, not necessarily context that you need, not necessarily the technology on the back end. So being the technology on the back end. So being the technology on the back end. So being able to like have a character creator able to like have a character creator able to like have a character creator where you could say this is my agent, where you could say this is my agent, where you could say this is my agent, you always do this and then you upload you always do this and then you upload you always do this and then you upload like matrix style upload its knowledge like matrix style upload its knowledge like matrix style upload its knowledge library and now it it's it but then you library and now it it's it but then you library and now it it's it but then you could use any framework whether it's could use any framework whether it's could use any framework whether it's claude or your own langraph framework or claude or your own langraph framework or claude or your own langraph framework or anything to then these would just be the anything to then these would just be the anything to then these would just be the definitions of how they would work, definitions of how they would work, definitions of how they would work, &gt;&gt; right? I love that so much. So, as you &gt;&gt; right? I love that so much. So, as you &gt;&gt; right? I love that so much. So, as you can see, guys, like we have so many can see, guys, like we have so many can see, guys, like we have so many ideas to turn Archon into just an even ideas to turn Archon into just an even ideas to turn Archon into just an even more of a masterpiece. And I already more of a masterpiece. And I already more of a masterpiece. And I already think it it's at that point where like think it it's at that point where like think it it's at that point where like this it blew my mind when I first saw this it blew my mind when I first saw this it blew my mind when I first saw some of the things that you were some of the things that you were some of the things that you were building, Sean. And and a lot of people building, Sean. And and a lot of people building, Sean. And and a lot of people were really excited about some of the were really excited about some of the were really excited about some of the things that I was building at first with things that I was building at first with things that I was building at first with all the rag strategies. And so, we've all the rag strategies. And so, we've all the rag strategies. And so, we've got this all combined together. We're got this all combined together. We're got this all combined together. We're doing a ton of more incredible things doing a ton of more incredible things doing a ton of more incredible things with it. So, you're going to be seeing a with it. So, you're going to be seeing a with it. So, you're going to be seeing a lot more of Sean as he continues to be a lot more of Sean as he continues to be a lot more of Sean as he continues to be a huge part of Archon. And yeah, huge part of Archon. And yeah, huge part of Archon. And yeah, definitely come to the launch party that definitely come to the launch party that definitely come to the launch party that we got on Saturday. So big things to we got on Saturday. So big things to we got on Saturday. So big things to stay tuned for, big things to be excited stay tuned for, big things to be excited stay tuned for, big things to be excited about. So thank you Sean for for talking about. So thank you Sean for for talking about. So thank you Sean for for talking with me about Archon today. with me about Archon today. with me about Archon today. &gt;&gt; Thanks Cole. And just real quick, if &gt;&gt; Thanks Cole. And just real quick, if &gt;&gt; Thanks Cole. And just real quick, if anybody found what I have to talk about anybody found what I have to talk about anybody found what I have to talk about interesting from a business owner interesting from a business owner interesting from a business owner perspective, I am starting my own perspective, I am starting my own perspective, I am starting my own YouTube channel, putting myself out YouTube channel, putting myself out YouTube channel, putting myself out there. It'll be content about this type there. It'll be content about this type there. It'll be content about this type of stuff, building things in the real of stuff, building things in the real of stuff, building things in the real world and how I do stuff. Uh so come world and how I do stuff. Uh so come world and how I do stuff. Uh so come over. I'd love I'd love to get to know over. I'd love I'd love to get to know over. I'd love I'd love to get to know you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Yes, you guys definitely should. So &gt;&gt; Yes, you guys definitely should. So &gt;&gt; Yes, you guys definitely should. So thanks Sean. On to the rest of our thanks Sean. On to the rest of our thanks Sean. On to the rest of our video. So, if you've made it this far to video. So, if you've made it this far to video. So, if you've made it this far to the end of the video, you are definitely the end of the video, you are definitely the end of the video, you are definitely one of the people that I want to have one of the people that I want to have one of the people that I want to have involved in Archon. Not only do we make involved in Archon. Not only do we make involved in Archon. Not only do we make it really easy to use Archon, which I'd it really easy to use Archon, which I'd it really easy to use Archon, which I'd highly recommend you just try it out highly recommend you just try it out highly recommend you just try it out today and give us some feedback while today and give us some feedback while today and give us some feedback while we're in beta, but we also made it we're in beta, but we also made it we're in beta, but we also made it really easy to contribute and be a part really easy to contribute and be a part really easy to contribute and be a part of Archon. We put a lot of effort into of Archon. We put a lot of effort into of Archon. We put a lot of effort into organizing this repository in a really organizing this repository in a really organizing this repository in a really nice way. We have the GitHub discussions nice way. We have the GitHub discussions nice way. We have the GitHub discussions linked right here so you can be a part linked right here so you can be a part linked right here so you can be a part of the conversation. We also created a of the conversation. We also created a of the conversation. We also created a contributing guide. So you can read this contributing guide. So you can read this contributing guide. So you can read this just right here in the repo. It gives just right here in the repo. It gives just right here in the repo. It gives you tips on using coding assistance to you tips on using coding assistance to you tips on using coding assistance to help you build out features in Archon, help you build out features in Archon, help you build out features in Archon, how to submit PRs, really just all the how to submit PRs, really just all the how to submit PRs, really just all the resources that you need to contribute. resources that you need to contribute. resources that you need to contribute. And so please be a part of this And so please be a part of this And so please be a part of this incredible project that we're building incredible project that we're building incredible project that we're building here. And so if you appreciated this and here. And so if you appreciated this and here. And so if you appreciated this and you're looking forward to more things on you're looking forward to more things on you're looking forward to more things on Archon and trying it out yourself, I Archon and trying it out yourself, I Archon and trying it out yourself, I would really appreciate a like and a would really appreciate a like and a would really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you subscribe. And with that, I will see you and the Archon beta launch party live and the Archon beta launch party live and the Archon beta launch party live stream this
