Title: My TOP 5 Agentic Bets： Multi-Agent UI & Compute Scaling (Not for beginners)
Channel: IndyDevDan
======================================================================

What's up engineers? Indie Devdan here. What's up engineers? Indie Devdan here. What's up engineers? Indie Devdan here. Today isn't just another agent coding Today isn't just another agent coding Today isn't just another agent coding video. Let's get ahead of the curve with video. Let's get ahead of the curve with video. Let's get ahead of the curve with a plan of our own because those who plan a plan of our own because those who plan a plan of our own because those who plan the future tend to create it. Every plan the future tend to create it. Every plan the future tend to create it. Every plan is a bet on the future. Every bet has is a bet on the future. Every bet has is a bet on the future. Every bet has risks and rewards. The trick isn't risks and rewards. The trick isn't risks and rewards. The trick isn't execution. It's choosing the right bets execution. It's choosing the right bets execution. It's choosing the right bets in the first place. Today, I want to in the first place. Today, I want to in the first place. Today, I want to share five big bets I'm personally share five big bets I'm personally share five big bets I'm personally making for 2026 to stay ahead of the making for 2026 to stay ahead of the making for 2026 to stay ahead of the curve. These bets point to where I'm curve. These bets point to where I'm curve. These bets point to where I'm putting my agents, my time, my money, putting my agents, my time, my money, putting my agents, my time, my money, and my compute. Some of these bets and my compute. Some of these bets and my compute. Some of these bets you're going to expect, others will you're going to expect, others will you're going to expect, others will surprise you. Take my plan for 2026 and surprise you. Take my plan for 2026 and surprise you. Take my plan for 2026 and use it as a framework for your own road use it as a framework for your own road use it as a framework for your own road map. Midway through, I'm going to reveal map. Midway through, I'm going to reveal map. Midway through, I'm going to reveal a major announcement that ties it all a major announcement that ties it all a major announcement that ties it all together. I'm so excited to finally together. I'm so excited to finally together. I'm so excited to finally announce this, to finally release this. announce this, to finally release this. announce this, to finally release this. It's built for engineers who know the It's built for engineers who know the It's built for engineers who know the future of engineering is agent first. future of engineering is agent first. future of engineering is agent first. Let's create the future with our plan Let's create the future with our plan Let's create the future with our plan for engineering in 2026. My first big bet is an easy one to make. My first big bet is an easy one to make. My first big bet is an easy one to make. The ROI is clear and massively untapped. The ROI is clear and massively untapped. The ROI is clear and massively untapped. Agents, but not just any agents. We're Agents, but not just any agents. We're Agents, but not just any agents. We're talking about custom agents. If you're talking about custom agents. If you're talking about custom agents. If you're working with just a single agent through working with just a single agent through working with just a single agent through an agentic coding tool like clawed code an agentic coding tool like clawed code an agentic coding tool like clawed code or the codec cli, you're ahead of the or the codec cli, you're ahead of the or the codec cli, you're ahead of the majority of engineers. The 8020 of majority of engineers. The 8020 of majority of engineers. The 8020 of software engineering can be summarized software engineering can be summarized software engineering can be summarized in one word, agents. But if you're using in one word, agents. But if you're using in one word, agents. But if you're using custom agents in your production custom agents in your production custom agents in your production systems, I estimate you're immediately systems, I estimate you're immediately systems, I estimate you're immediately in the top 1% of engineers. Why is that? in the top 1% of engineers. Why is that? in the top 1% of engineers. Why is that? Why does that shoot you up so far? It's Why does that shoot you up so far? It's Why does that shoot you up so far? It's because custom agents let you do scaled because custom agents let you do scaled because custom agents let you do scaled nasty and I mean nasty in the literal nasty and I mean nasty in the literal nasty and I mean nasty in the literal sense domain specific engineering work sense domain specific engineering work sense domain specific engineering work in fractions of the time and complexity in fractions of the time and complexity in fractions of the time and complexity that it used to take. When you encode that it used to take. When you encode that it used to take. When you encode solutions into custom agents, you get solutions into custom agents, you get solutions into custom agents, you get repeatable problem solving with compute. repeatable problem solving with compute. repeatable problem solving with compute. So what are the risks here? Every plan So what are the risks here? Every plan So what are the risks here? Every plan has bets. Every bet has risks and has bets. Every bet has risks and has bets. Every bet has risks and rewards. Building effective agents, rewards. Building effective agents, rewards. Building effective agents, shout out anthropic, takes time and shout out anthropic, takes time and shout out anthropic, takes time and practice. Okay, the learning curve here practice. Okay, the learning curve here practice. Okay, the learning curve here is steep and the over reliance on AI is is steep and the over reliance on AI is is steep and the over reliance on AI is only going to increase. Okay, I don't only going to increase. Okay, I don't only going to increase. Okay, I don't know about you, but I have constantly know about you, but I have constantly know about you, but I have constantly increased my reliance on agents, on increased my reliance on agents, on increased my reliance on agents, on agent coding tools, on language models. agent coding tools, on language models. agent coding tools, on language models. This is how technology works. It gives This is how technology works. It gives This is how technology works. It gives and it takes. What are the rewards here? and it takes. What are the rewards here? and it takes. What are the rewards here? I think easily this puts you in the top I think easily this puts you in the top I think easily this puts you in the top 1% of engineering output. If you have 1% of engineering output. If you have 1% of engineering output. If you have custom agents deployed into production, custom agents deployed into production, custom agents deployed into production, you are going to outperform the rest of you are going to outperform the rest of you are going to outperform the rest of the pack. Okay, this is the defining the pack. Okay, this is the defining the pack. Okay, this is the defining competitive advantage in 2026, which is competitive advantage in 2026, which is competitive advantage in 2026, which is why I'm betting big on custom agents. why I'm betting big on custom agents. why I'm betting big on custom agents. I've built hundreds of crappy custom I've built hundreds of crappy custom I've built hundreds of crappy custom agents, and guess what? In 2026, I'll be agents, and guess what? In 2026, I'll be agents, and guess what? In 2026, I'll be building great custom agents and sharing building great custom agents and sharing building great custom agents and sharing the journey. Make sure to like and the journey. Make sure to like and the journey. Make sure to like and subscribe if you're not already a part subscribe if you're not already a part subscribe if you're not already a part of the agentic journey. Sometimes moving forward means leaving a Sometimes moving forward means leaving a Sometimes moving forward means leaving a few things behind. We have to deprecate few things behind. We have to deprecate few things behind. We have to deprecate our old engineering skills in 2026. our old engineering skills in 2026. our old engineering skills in 2026. Okay, here's a helpful symbolic visual Okay, here's a helpful symbolic visual Okay, here's a helpful symbolic visual you can use. All right, think of a you can use. All right, think of a you can use. All right, think of a pencil and bear with me here. All right, pencil and bear with me here. All right, pencil and bear with me here. All right, this is the perfectly balanced tool for this is the perfectly balanced tool for this is the perfectly balanced tool for builders. You have creation at one end builders. You have creation at one end builders. You have creation at one end and you have deletion at the other. and you have deletion at the other. and you have deletion at the other. You're constantly drafting new skills You're constantly drafting new skills You're constantly drafting new skills and erasing what no longer serve you. and erasing what no longer serve you. and erasing what no longer serve you. Over time, though, both ends wear out Over time, though, both ends wear out Over time, though, both ends wear out and you need to refresh and pick up a and you need to refresh and pick up a and you need to refresh and pick up a new tool. You need to pick up a new new tool. You need to pick up a new new tool. You need to pick up a new pencil. The pencil reminds us that pencil. The pencil reminds us that pencil. The pencil reminds us that growth isn't just about writing the next growth isn't just about writing the next growth isn't just about writing the next line, but also knowing when to erase and line, but also knowing when to erase and line, but also knowing when to erase and start again. Okay? There are things start again. Okay? There are things start again. Okay? There are things you're doing right now that you could you're doing right now that you could you're doing right now that you could absolutely have your agent do for you. absolutely have your agent do for you. absolutely have your agent do for you. The big kicker here in the age of agents The big kicker here in the age of agents The big kicker here in the age of agents is that it's not about what you can do is that it's not about what you can do is that it's not about what you can do anymore. So many engineers get this anymore. So many engineers get this anymore. So many engineers get this wrong. It's not about you anymore. It's wrong. It's not about you anymore. It's wrong. It's not about you anymore. It's not about your skills. It's about what not about your skills. It's about what not about your skills. It's about what you can teach your agents to do. This is you can teach your agents to do. This is you can teach your agents to do. This is a big big differentiating factor. we a big big differentiating factor. we a big big differentiating factor. we talk about intact. More on that in just talk about intact. More on that in just talk about intact. More on that in just a moment. We must deprecate the old ways a moment. We must deprecate the old ways a moment. We must deprecate the old ways of engineering to make time, space, and of engineering to make time, space, and of engineering to make time, space, and energy for the new ones. Now, of course, energy for the new ones. Now, of course, energy for the new ones. Now, of course, the risks here are very obvious. We have the risks here are very obvious. We have the risks here are very obvious. We have to break old multi-year, multi-deade to break old multi-year, multi-deade to break old multi-year, multi-deade habits. This is going to be habits. This is going to be habits. This is going to be uncomfortable and we are not going to uncomfortable and we are not going to uncomfortable and we are not going to have potential skill atrophy. We are we have potential skill atrophy. We are we have potential skill atrophy. We are we have guaranteed skill atrophy. Okay? have guaranteed skill atrophy. Okay? have guaranteed skill atrophy. Okay? Think about the calculator. Think about Think about the calculator. Think about Think about the calculator. Think about Google Maps. Think about any piece of Google Maps. Think about any piece of Google Maps. Think about any piece of technology that you use that has technology that you use that has technology that you use that has deprecated your ability to do the thing deprecated your ability to do the thing deprecated your ability to do the thing the technology now does. This is the technology now does. This is the technology now does. This is guaranteed in 2026. We are deprecating guaranteed in 2026. We are deprecating guaranteed in 2026. We are deprecating our old skills. We are letting go of the our old skills. We are letting go of the our old skills. We are letting go of the old ways so that we can introduce the old ways so that we can introduce the old ways so that we can introduce the new ways. Okay? The productivity, the new ways. Okay? The productivity, the new ways. Okay? The productivity, the gains, the future proofing of your gains, the future proofing of your gains, the future proofing of your career, right? The future proofing of career, right? The future proofing of career, right? The future proofing of your engineering career is going to be your engineering career is going to be your engineering career is going to be massive when you just let go and stop massive when you just let go and stop massive when you just let go and stop doing things the old way. I know for a doing things the old way. I know for a doing things the old way. I know for a fact you might be one of these fact you might be one of these fact you might be one of these engineers, okay? you know that agents engineers, okay? you know that agents engineers, okay? you know that agents could do the work that you're about to could do the work that you're about to could do the work that you're about to do, but you still do it the old way. You do, but you still do it the old way. You do, but you still do it the old way. You still type line by line. You still copy still type line by line. You still copy still type line by line. You still copy paste. You still, you know, write a paste. You still, you know, write a paste. You still, you know, write a prompt that you know you could automate prompt that you know you could automate prompt that you know you could automate in a reusable agentic workflow. You in a reusable agentic workflow. You in a reusable agentic workflow. You know, you're doing things the slow way know, you're doing things the slow way know, you're doing things the slow way because it's how you've always done because it's how you've always done because it's how you've always done them. Let's let go. We have to deprecate them. Let's let go. We have to deprecate them. Let's let go. We have to deprecate the old skills to make space and time the old skills to make space and time the old skills to make space and time for the new ones. If you're building valuable work with If you're building valuable work with If you're building valuable work with agents, you've likely run into the two agents, you've likely run into the two agents, you've likely run into the two constraints of agentic coding. My third constraints of agentic coding. My third constraints of agentic coding. My third bet is to go big on limit breaking the bet is to go big on limit breaking the bet is to go big on limit breaking the agentic coding constraints. What are the agentic coding constraints. What are the agentic coding constraints. What are the constraints? You know what they are. constraints? You know what they are. constraints? You know what they are. Planning and reviewing. We can now build Planning and reviewing. We can now build Planning and reviewing. We can now build new plans and hand it off to our agents new plans and hand it off to our agents new plans and hand it off to our agents at higher rates than ever. But us in the at higher rates than ever. But us in the at higher rates than ever. But us in the planning process is what takes time. And planning process is what takes time. And planning process is what takes time. And then of course at the end of the loop then of course at the end of the loop then of course at the end of the loop when our agent has finished all the when our agent has finished all the when our agent has finished all the work, what else takes the most time for work, what else takes the most time for work, what else takes the most time for us? Reviewing. These are the constraints us? Reviewing. These are the constraints us? Reviewing. These are the constraints of agentic coding. And in 2026, we're of agentic coding. And in 2026, we're of agentic coding. And in 2026, we're going to blast through these. We're going to blast through these. We're going to blast through these. We're going to limit break the agentic coding going to limit break the agentic coding going to limit break the agentic coding constraints. And of course, the big constraints. And of course, the big constraints. And of course, the big answer here I'm betting big on is custom answer here I'm betting big on is custom answer here I'm betting big on is custom agents. All right. But not just custom agents. All right. But not just custom agents. All right. But not just custom agents, right? It's custom agents inside agents, right? It's custom agents inside agents, right? It's custom agents inside of ADWs, right? a pipeline of agents of ADWs, right? a pipeline of agents of ADWs, right? a pipeline of agents that combines the old world of that combines the old world of that combines the old world of engineering with the new world of engineering with the new world of engineering with the new world of agents. Okay, this is the most powerful agents. Okay, this is the most powerful agents. Okay, this is the most powerful abstraction that exists for engineers abstraction that exists for engineers abstraction that exists for engineers right now. The ADW, more on that in a right now. The ADW, more on that in a right now. The ADW, more on that in a moment. All right, in 2026, my plan is moment. All right, in 2026, my plan is moment. All right, in 2026, my plan is to break through these constraints to to break through these constraints to to break through these constraints to unlock insane scales. Now, this is going unlock insane scales. Now, this is going unlock insane scales. Now, this is going to be hard. You know, none of these bets to be hard. You know, none of these bets to be hard. You know, none of these bets just show up on your doorstep. This is just show up on your doorstep. This is just show up on your doorstep. This is going to take effort from both you and going to take effort from both you and going to take effort from both you and I. The implementation here is complex. I. The implementation here is complex. I. The implementation here is complex. That upfront investment is going to That upfront investment is going to That upfront investment is going to cost. This is where we lose all the vibe cost. This is where we lose all the vibe cost. This is where we lose all the vibe coders, right? You have to have a deep coders, right? You have to have a deep coders, right? You have to have a deep understanding of your codebase to really understanding of your codebase to really understanding of your codebase to really increase your planning and your increase your planning and your increase your planning and your reviewing velocity. You cannot teach reviewing velocity. You cannot teach reviewing velocity. You cannot teach something to do something that you do something to do something that you do something to do something that you do not know how to do. Okay, this is just not know how to do. Okay, this is just not know how to do. Okay, this is just reality. If you want to push agents to reality. If you want to push agents to reality. If you want to push agents to their limits, you must know what you're their limits, you must know what you're their limits, you must know what you're trying to teach them to do, right? And trying to teach them to do, right? And trying to teach them to do, right? And of course, the rewards here are huge. I of course, the rewards here are huge. I of course, the rewards here are huge. I estimate there's a 1 to two order of estimate there's a 1 to two order of estimate there's a 1 to two order of magnitude improvement lying at the other magnitude improvement lying at the other magnitude improvement lying at the other end lying at the end of the cave if we end lying at the end of the cave if we end lying at the end of the cave if we can limit break the planning and can limit break the planning and can limit break the planning and reviewing constraints of agentic coding. I said this back in 2023 24 and it's I said this back in 2023 24 and it's I said this back in 2023 24 and it's still true now. The chat interface is still true now. The chat interface is still true now. The chat interface is the laziest and most overused interface the laziest and most overused interface the laziest and most overused interface for agents. Okay, in 2026, I'm investing for agents. Okay, in 2026, I'm investing for agents. Okay, in 2026, I'm investing a ton of time into multi-agent UIs and I a ton of time into multi-agent UIs and I a ton of time into multi-agent UIs and I eyes, interaction interfaces. Okay, eyes, interaction interfaces. Okay, eyes, interaction interfaces. Okay, specifically, we're talking about voice. specifically, we're talking about voice. specifically, we're talking about voice. The whole point here is to increase the The whole point here is to increase the The whole point here is to increase the information rate between you and your information rate between you and your information rate between you and your agents. Okay, you want to be getting agents. Okay, you want to be getting agents. Okay, you want to be getting more work done faster, commanding more more work done faster, commanding more more work done faster, commanding more compute with multi- aent UIs and faster compute with multi- aent UIs and faster compute with multi- aent UIs and faster interaction interfaces, right? interaction interfaces, right? interaction interfaces, right? Specifically, again, voice. This lets us Specifically, again, voice. This lets us Specifically, again, voice. This lets us wield more compute faster than ever. If wield more compute faster than ever. If wield more compute faster than ever. If you could communicate everything in your you could communicate everything in your you could communicate everything in your head right now to a multi- aent system head right now to a multi- aent system head right now to a multi- aent system that can do the work for you, wouldn't that can do the work for you, wouldn't that can do the work for you, wouldn't that be amazing? Right? Wouldn't that that be amazing? Right? Wouldn't that that be amazing? Right? Wouldn't that quite literally change your future? quite literally change your future? quite literally change your future? Okay, these systems are right around the Okay, these systems are right around the Okay, these systems are right around the corner. You and I can build these right corner. You and I can build these right corner. You and I can build these right now. What are the trade-offs here? now. What are the trade-offs here? now. What are the trade-offs here? Right? I think this is going to be hard. Right? I think this is going to be hard. Right? I think this is going to be hard. Okay, I I have an idea of what, you Okay, I I have an idea of what, you Okay, I I have an idea of what, you know, several versions of this look know, several versions of this look know, several versions of this look like. previous couple weeks video, we've like. previous couple weeks video, we've like. previous couple weeks video, we've been talking about and pushing into been talking about and pushing into been talking about and pushing into custom agent UIs. I'm mostly concerned custom agent UIs. I'm mostly concerned custom agent UIs. I'm mostly concerned here about user confusion, right? What here about user confusion, right? What here about user confusion, right? What are users and customers going to think are users and customers going to think are users and customers going to think about this? Because putting multiple about this? Because putting multiple about this? Because putting multiple agents into a single UI and agents into a single UI and agents into a single UI and orchestrating all that feedback, all orchestrating all that feedback, all orchestrating all that feedback, all that logging, all the important bits of that logging, all the important bits of that logging, all the important bits of information is challenging. This is a information is challenging. This is a information is challenging. This is a complex UI UX design challenge as well. complex UI UX design challenge as well. complex UI UX design challenge as well. You know, all the designers out there You know, all the designers out there You know, all the designers out there who tune in, all the builder designers, who tune in, all the builder designers, who tune in, all the builder designers, uh it's your time to shine. All right. uh it's your time to shine. All right. uh it's your time to shine. All right. So, of course, the betsense here are of So, of course, the betsense here are of So, of course, the betsense here are of course massive. I mean, there's a reason course massive. I mean, there's a reason course massive. I mean, there's a reason I'm betting on these things, right? I'm betting on these things, right? I'm betting on these things, right? Between all these bets, we're going to Between all these bets, we're going to Between all these bets, we're going to see a probably another ma order of see a probably another ma order of see a probably another ma order of magnitude um increase in engineering magnitude um increase in engineering magnitude um increase in engineering output with the right multi- aent output with the right multi- aent output with the right multi- aent system. Okay? And to be clear, I'm system. Okay? And to be clear, I'm system. Okay? And to be clear, I'm talking about use case specific multi- talking about use case specific multi- talking about use case specific multi- aent systems, multi- aent UIs. I'm not aent systems, multi- aent UIs. I'm not aent systems, multi- aent UIs. I'm not talking about another, you know, claude talking about another, you know, claude talking about another, you know, claude code wrapper. I'm not talking about code wrapper. I'm not talking about code wrapper. I'm not talking about another background task manager for your another background task manager for your another background task manager for your agent CLI. I'm talking about your agent CLI. I'm talking about your agent CLI. I'm talking about your product, getting the UI to have many product, getting the UI to have many product, getting the UI to have many agents operate on it and get more work agents operate on it and get more work agents operate on it and get more work done faster than ever. Okay? Everyone's done faster than ever. Okay? Everyone's done faster than ever. Okay? Everyone's going way too wide. It's time to focus. going way too wide. It's time to focus. going way too wide. It's time to focus. It's time to go deep. It's time to solve It's time to go deep. It's time to solve It's time to go deep. It's time to solve real engineering problems with this real engineering problems with this real engineering problems with this incredible technology. Final bet. We are going to max out our Final bet. We are going to max out our Final bet. We are going to max out our compute. We are going to be compute compute. We are going to be compute compute. We are going to be compute maxing. Let me tell you a secret. maxing. Let me tell you a secret. maxing. Let me tell you a secret. However much compute you think you're However much compute you think you're However much compute you think you're using, however great you think you are using, however great you think you are using, however great you think you are at agentic coding, you're not using that at agentic coding, you're not using that at agentic coding, you're not using that much compute and you're not that great. much compute and you're not that great. much compute and you're not that great. Okay, I know it sounds a little intense, Okay, I know it sounds a little intense, Okay, I know it sounds a little intense, a little aggressive, but what makes me a little aggressive, but what makes me a little aggressive, but what makes me say that? It's because unless you have say that? It's because unless you have say that? It's because unless you have an always on 24/7 agent solving problems an always on 24/7 agent solving problems an always on 24/7 agent solving problems for you on your behalf all the time, you for you on your behalf all the time, you for you on your behalf all the time, you can and should be using more compute. can and should be using more compute. can and should be using more compute. Okay, compute maxing will be a major Okay, compute maxing will be a major Okay, compute maxing will be a major focus of mine in 2026 and I highly focus of mine in 2026 and I highly focus of mine in 2026 and I highly recommend it for you as well. Always be recommend it for you as well. Always be recommend it for you as well. Always be thinking, how can I use more compute? thinking, how can I use more compute? thinking, how can I use more compute? And the answer isn't you jump from And the answer isn't you jump from And the answer isn't you jump from prompting back and forth with cloud code prompting back and forth with cloud code prompting back and forth with cloud code to all of a sudden you build a 24-hour, to all of a sudden you build a 24-hour, to all of a sudden you build a 24-hour, you know, 7 days a week agent. That's you know, 7 days a week agent. That's you know, 7 days a week agent. That's not how this works, okay? We're not how this works, okay? We're not how this works, okay? We're engineers. We operate in the gray and engineers. We operate in the gray and engineers. We operate in the gray and the messy and the progression of it all. the messy and the progression of it all. the messy and the progression of it all. We always want to be thinking, how can I We always want to be thinking, how can I We always want to be thinking, how can I use more compute today? And and I think use more compute today? And and I think use more compute today? And and I think about this all the time. I am no about this all the time. I am no about this all the time. I am no exception here. As much compute as I exception here. As much compute as I exception here. As much compute as I use, um I know for a fact it's not use, um I know for a fact it's not use, um I know for a fact it's not nearly as much as I know it can be. nearly as much as I know it can be. nearly as much as I know it can be. Think about all the developer workflows Think about all the developer workflows Think about all the developer workflows you have. Think about all the products, you have. Think about all the products, you have. Think about all the products, tools, and applications that are tools, and applications that are tools, and applications that are untouched by valuable language models, untouched by valuable language models, untouched by valuable language models, prompt chains, all the way up to agents. prompt chains, all the way up to agents. prompt chains, all the way up to agents. There's so much potential and we're here There's so much potential and we're here There's so much potential and we're here to unlock it. In 2026, I'm going to to unlock it. In 2026, I'm going to to unlock it. In 2026, I'm going to build my first always on custom agent build my first always on custom agent build my first always on custom agent and I'm going to share the journey with and I'm going to share the journey with and I'm going to share the journey with you right here on the channel. There are you right here on the channel. There are you right here on the channel. There are big risks here though, right? Very big risks here though, right? Very big risks here though, right? Very obviously this is going to cost us quite obviously this is going to cost us quite obviously this is going to cost us quite a bit. Okay, but we are betting on the a bit. Okay, but we are betting on the a bit. Okay, but we are betting on the fact we also have a side bet that you fact we also have a side bet that you fact we also have a side bet that you know the cost of compute will continue know the cost of compute will continue know the cost of compute will continue to decline and we'll continue to get to decline and we'll continue to get to decline and we'll continue to get great open-source lowcost high great open-source lowcost high great open-source lowcost high intelligent models like the huge Quinn intelligent models like the huge Quinn intelligent models like the huge Quinn series that was just released, right? series that was just released, right? series that was just released, right? These are these are groundbreaking These are these are groundbreaking These are these are groundbreaking models that are getting smaller and models that are getting smaller and models that are getting smaller and better that we're going to be able to better that we're going to be able to better that we're going to be able to operate on with. Okay, but still, you operate on with. Okay, but still, you operate on with. Okay, but still, you know, operating 24/7 doing real know, operating 24/7 doing real know, operating 24/7 doing real engineering work. This is going to cost. engineering work. This is going to cost. engineering work. This is going to cost. There's going to be architecture and There's going to be architecture and There's going to be architecture and infrastructure complexity and we're infrastructure complexity and we're infrastructure complexity and we're probably going to end up wasting a lot probably going to end up wasting a lot probably going to end up wasting a lot of compute to get there, right? But this of compute to get there, right? But this of compute to get there, right? But this is how it works. Okay, you need to put is how it works. Okay, you need to put is how it works. Okay, you need to put the reps in to even know what's the reps in to even know what's the reps in to even know what's possible. And this is a big idea we talk possible. And this is a big idea we talk possible. And this is a big idea we talk about in the advanced lessons in TAC. about in the advanced lessons in TAC. about in the advanced lessons in TAC. Almost there. We're almost at the Almost there. We're almost at the Almost there. We're almost at the reveal. Give me one more second here. Of reveal. Give me one more second here. Of reveal. Give me one more second here. Of course, the reward here is absolutely course, the reward here is absolutely course, the reward here is absolutely massive. If you're compute maxing, you massive. If you're compute maxing, you massive. If you're compute maxing, you have living software that works for you have living software that works for you have living software that works for you while you sleep. And by the way, this while you sleep. And by the way, this while you sleep. And by the way, this has been the mission for this channel. I has been the mission for this channel. I has been the mission for this channel. I know a lot of, you know, recent know a lot of, you know, recent know a lot of, you know, recent subscribers, you think we just come on subscribers, you think we just come on subscribers, you think we just come on here and we talk about the latest cloud here and we talk about the latest cloud here and we talk about the latest cloud code release, but we focus on it because code release, but we focus on it because code release, but we focus on it because it's the best tool for the job because it's the best tool for the job because it's the best tool for the job because it helps us move closer to the mission it helps us move closer to the mission it helps us move closer to the mission of the Andy Devdan channel. Build living of the Andy Devdan channel. Build living of the Andy Devdan channel. Build living software that works for us while we software that works for us while we software that works for us while we sleep. Okay. And this gets us closer to sleep. Okay. And this gets us closer to sleep. Okay. And this gets us closer to that goal. I finally have an that goal. I finally have an that goal. I finally have an architecture that I think can provide architecture that I think can provide architecture that I think can provide some solid value. I'm going to be some solid value. I'm going to be some solid value. I'm going to be building this out in 2026 and sharing building this out in 2026 and sharing building this out in 2026 and sharing the journey. This is true agentic the journey. This is true agentic the journey. This is true agentic automation and true exponential automation and true exponential automation and true exponential leverage, right? Imagine this thing leverage, right? Imagine this thing leverage, right? Imagine this thing always on. And by the way, you know, we always on. And by the way, you know, we always on. And by the way, you know, we just had that release coming out from just had that release coming out from just had that release coming out from OpenAI with their new chat GPT pulse. OpenAI with their new chat GPT pulse. OpenAI with their new chat GPT pulse. The subline here is great. Now chat GPT The subline here is great. Now chat GPT The subline here is great. Now chat GPT can start the conversation. On the can start the conversation. On the can start the conversation. On the channel, there's a video we put out a channel, there's a video we put out a channel, there's a video we put out a long time ago now, but it was called the long time ago now, but it was called the long time ago now, but it was called the two-way prompt. And it was a prediction. two-way prompt. And it was a prediction. two-way prompt. And it was a prediction. It was kind of a bet that at some point It was kind of a bet that at some point It was kind of a bet that at some point these systems will become so powerful these systems will become so powerful these systems will become so powerful that they will start prompting us. And that they will start prompting us. And that they will start prompting us. And so it's interesting to see chat GPT so it's interesting to see chat GPT so it's interesting to see chat GPT pulse kind of moving down that that pulse kind of moving down that that pulse kind of moving down that that direction. Kind of a combination of a a direction. Kind of a combination of a a direction. Kind of a combination of a a scheduling system, but also ChatGpt is scheduling system, but also ChatGpt is scheduling system, but also ChatGpt is learning more and more about you and I learning more and more about you and I learning more and more about you and I so it can solve your problems and ask so it can solve your problems and ask so it can solve your problems and ask you for the next step, right? But this you for the next step, right? But this you for the next step, right? But this is that same idea, right? Open AAI is is that same idea, right? Open AAI is is that same idea, right? Open AAI is pushing toward compute maxing. That's pushing toward compute maxing. That's pushing toward compute maxing. That's what this is, right? If you have an what this is, right? If you have an what this is, right? If you have an always on system building for you in the always on system building for you in the always on system building for you in the background 247 you are going to background 247 you are going to background 247 you are going to outperform in a massive massive way at outperform in a massive massive way at outperform in a massive massive way at some point the conversation will flip some point the conversation will flip some point the conversation will flip and our agents will prompt us more than and our agents will prompt us more than and our agents will prompt us more than we prompt them. In 2026 we will be we prompt them. In 2026 we will be we prompt them. In 2026 we will be compute maxing. Okay so five big bets compute maxing. Okay so five big bets compute maxing. Okay so five big bets and it all leads up to something and it all leads up to something and it all leads up to something incredible. So we have custom agents incredible. So we have custom agents incredible. So we have custom agents deprecating old skills. We're letting go deprecating old skills. We're letting go deprecating old skills. We're letting go of the past so we can accept the future. of the past so we can accept the future. of the past so we can accept the future. limit break the agentic coding limit break the agentic coding limit break the agentic coding constraints. We want to increase our constraints. We want to increase our constraints. We want to increase our planning and our review velocity to planning and our review velocity to planning and our review velocity to unlock the next order of magnitude unlock the next order of magnitude unlock the next order of magnitude improvement. We're talking about multi- improvement. We're talking about multi- improvement. We're talking about multi- aent user interfaces and interaction aent user interfaces and interaction aent user interfaces and interaction interfaces. This is a big bet I'm interfaces. This is a big bet I'm interfaces. This is a big bet I'm already making right now. And of course, already making right now. And of course, already making right now. And of course, compute maxing. To scale your impact, compute maxing. To scale your impact, compute maxing. To scale your impact, you scale your compute. Okay, this is you scale your compute. Okay, this is you scale your compute. Okay, this is the equation to win for engineering in the equation to win for engineering in the equation to win for engineering in 2025 and beyond. The agent architecture 2025 and beyond. The agent architecture 2025 and beyond. The agent architecture has changed everything. And that leads has changed everything. And that leads has changed everything. And that leads us to a massive opportunity that I'm us to a massive opportunity that I'm us to a massive opportunity that I'm beyond excited to share with you right beyond excited to share with you right beyond excited to share with you right now. It's finally here. I am actively now. It's finally here. I am actively now. It's finally here. I am actively investing in all these bets and I have investing in all these bets and I have investing in all these bets and I have some results already that I want to some results already that I want to some results already that I want to share with you. Let's take our bets and share with you. Let's take our bets and share with you. Let's take our bets and put them into raw day-to-day actions, put them into raw day-to-day actions, put them into raw day-to-day actions, raw tactics that we can use on a daily raw tactics that we can use on a daily raw tactics that we can use on a daily basis. Allow me to introduce basis. Allow me to introduce basis. Allow me to introduce tactical agentic coding. Here you can master the tactics of Here you can master the tactics of Here you can master the tactics of agenta coding to scale far beyond AI agenta coding to scale far beyond AI agenta coding to scale far beyond AI coding and vibe coding with advanced coding and vibe coding with advanced coding and vibe coding with advanced engineering so powerful that your engineering so powerful that your engineering so powerful that your codebase runs itself. This is the phase codebase runs itself. This is the phase codebase runs itself. This is the phase 2 agentic coding course built for 2 agentic coding course built for 2 agentic coding course built for engineers in the AI age. I have been engineers in the AI age. I have been engineers in the AI age. I have been working 996 around the clock to get this working 996 around the clock to get this working 996 around the clock to get this ready and to get this shipped to get ready and to get this shipped to get ready and to get this shipped to get this in a great state for you for this in a great state for you for this in a great state for you for engineers that know that the future is a engineers that know that the future is a engineers that know that the future is a dentic. The future is agent first. And dentic. The future is agent first. And dentic. The future is agent first. And by the way, if you don't like being sold by the way, if you don't like being sold by the way, if you don't like being sold things or if you think I'm an AI grifter things or if you think I'm an AI grifter things or if you think I'm an AI grifter or whatever the case is, it's time for or whatever the case is, it's time for or whatever the case is, it's time for you to tune out. Okay, so what is you to tune out. Okay, so what is you to tune out. Okay, so what is tactical agentic coding? This is for tactical agentic coding? This is for tactical agentic coding? This is for engineers that ship and we're taking engineers that ship and we're taking engineers that ship and we're taking things further. We know for a fact that things further. We know for a fact that things further. We know for a fact that AI coding is not enough. And there are a AI coding is not enough. And there are a AI coding is not enough. And there are a bunch of big ideas that engineers are bunch of big ideas that engineers are bunch of big ideas that engineers are missing right now that you can get ahead missing right now that you can get ahead missing right now that you can get ahead of with tactical agent coding. Okay, AI of with tactical agent coding. Okay, AI of with tactical agent coding. Okay, AI coding was just the beginning. VIP coding was just the beginning. VIP coding was just the beginning. VIP coding is the lowest hanging fruit and coding is the lowest hanging fruit and coding is the lowest hanging fruit and 95 probably 99% of all code bases are 95 probably 99% of all code bases are 95 probably 99% of all code bases are now outdated and inefficient. Important now outdated and inefficient. Important now outdated and inefficient. Important time to focus. You the engineer are the time to focus. You the engineer are the time to focus. You the engineer are the bottleneck, not the models, not the bottleneck, not the models, not the bottleneck, not the models, not the tools, not the agents. That post about tools, not the agents. That post about tools, not the agents. That post about what the best agent decoding tool is, what the best agent decoding tool is, what the best agent decoding tool is, what the best model is, the best what the best model is, the best what the best model is, the best pricing, all of that is irrelevant. pricing, all of that is irrelevant. pricing, all of that is irrelevant. Everyone is missing the big picture. We Everyone is missing the big picture. We Everyone is missing the big picture. We are the bottlenecks now. It's a skill are the bottlenecks now. It's a skill are the bottlenecks now. It's a skill issue. There is a new engineering role issue. There is a new engineering role issue. There is a new engineering role that has emerged. I've been waiting for that has emerged. I've been waiting for that has emerged. I've been waiting for this. I've been betting on this and it's this. I've been betting on this and it's this. I've been betting on this and it's finally here. You and I can now become finally here. You and I can now become finally here. You and I can now become agentic engineers. This isn't about agentic engineers. This isn't about agentic engineers. This isn't about models, prompts, or agents. It's about models, prompts, or agents. It's about models, prompts, or agents. It's about composing the old world of software composing the old world of software composing the old world of software engineering with the new world of agents engineering with the new world of agents engineering with the new world of agents to achieve exponential scales of to achieve exponential scales of to achieve exponential scales of engineering. Allow me to just pitch engineering. Allow me to just pitch engineering. Allow me to just pitch this. This might get a little salesy, this. This might get a little salesy, this. This might get a little salesy, but the key ideas here are too important but the key ideas here are too important but the key ideas here are too important to just drive by. Okay? You know, in to just drive by. Okay? You know, in to just drive by. Okay? You know, in tactical agent coding, we are going to tactical agent coding, we are going to tactical agent coding, we are going to transition into this new role of transition into this new role of transition into this new role of engineering. You'll think hard to step engineering. You'll think hard to step engineering. You'll think hard to step out the loop, and we're going to ask one out the loop, and we're going to ask one out the loop, and we're going to ask one simple guiding question throughout this simple guiding question throughout this simple guiding question throughout this course. What if your codebase could ship course. What if your codebase could ship course. What if your codebase could ship itself? itself? itself? This is not for beginners. If you're not This is not for beginners. If you're not This is not for beginners. If you're not shipping to production, if you're not a shipping to production, if you're not a shipping to production, if you're not a mid to senior level engineer, if you're mid to senior level engineer, if you're mid to senior level engineer, if you're not shipping with agent coding tools, not shipping with agent coding tools, not shipping with agent coding tools, this is not for you. Okay? So, what are this is not for you. Okay? So, what are this is not for you. Okay? So, what are you going to learn here? My mission is you going to learn here? My mission is you going to learn here? My mission is to transform you into an engineer they to transform you into an engineer they to transform you into an engineer they can't replace. How are we going to do can't replace. How are we going to do can't replace. How are we going to do that? It's a crazy goal, right? That that? It's a crazy goal, right? That that? It's a crazy goal, right? That sounds wild. They can't replace. We do sounds wild. They can't replace. We do sounds wild. They can't replace. We do this with two concrete actions. Just this with two concrete actions. Just this with two concrete actions. Just like with our big bets, right? I've like with our big bets, right? I've like with our big bets, right? I've already started placing these bets and already started placing these bets and already started placing these bets and putting them into action. These bets are putting them into action. These bets are putting them into action. These bets are already inside tactical agentic coding. already inside tactical agentic coding. already inside tactical agentic coding. We're going to do two things. Let go of We're going to do two things. Let go of We're going to do two things. Let go of the old ways of engineering and master the old ways of engineering and master the old ways of engineering and master the new best tool for the job. By the new best tool for the job. By the new best tool for the job. By internalizing the eight tactics of internalizing the eight tactics of internalizing the eight tactics of agentic coding, you're going to become agentic coding, you're going to become agentic coding, you're going to become an engineer that builds the system that an engineer that builds the system that an engineer that builds the system that builds the system. It's not about what builds the system. It's not about what builds the system. It's not about what we can do anymore. It's about what we we can do anymore. It's about what we we can do anymore. It's about what we can teach our agents to do. We are can teach our agents to do. We are can teach our agents to do. We are building the system that builds the building the system that builds the building the system that builds the system. There will be an engineer on system. There will be an engineer on system. There will be an engineer on your team, hopefully it's you, that will your team, hopefully it's you, that will your team, hopefully it's you, that will be orchestrating fleets of agents inside be orchestrating fleets of agents inside be orchestrating fleets of agents inside the agentic system that handles all the the agentic system that handles all the the agentic system that handles all the application work you're wasting your application work you're wasting your application work you're wasting your time doing. Okay, this is just the time doing. Okay, this is just the time doing. Okay, this is just the reality. Okay, you know, forgive me for reality. Okay, you know, forgive me for reality. Okay, you know, forgive me for being a little harsh here, but um I am being a little harsh here, but um I am being a little harsh here, but um I am always I always try to show up here always I always try to show up here always I always try to show up here every Monday to deliver concrete raw, every Monday to deliver concrete raw, every Monday to deliver concrete raw, you know, engineering truths and you know, engineering truths and you know, engineering truths and realities. And this is one of them, realities. And this is one of them, realities. And this is one of them, okay? And you've seen some of this. If okay? And you've seen some of this. If okay? And you've seen some of this. If you're using agents, you know this. If you're using agents, you know this. If you're using agents, you know this. If you're still watching this video, you you're still watching this video, you you're still watching this video, you know this is true. Agents are how you know this is true. Agents are how you know this is true. Agents are how you win the game of engineering in 2025 and win the game of engineering in 2025 and win the game of engineering in 2025 and beyond. So, there's more information beyond. So, there's more information beyond. So, there's more information here. Check this out. But the structure here. Check this out. But the structure here. Check this out. But the structure here is a little bit different. Okay, so here is a little bit different. Okay, so here is a little bit different. Okay, so I could not fit everything I needed to I could not fit everything I needed to I could not fit everything I needed to in tactical agentic coding. So I created in tactical agentic coding. So I created in tactical agentic coding. So I created a gentic horizon. These are extended a gentic horizon. These are extended a gentic horizon. These are extended lessons you can upgrade to if you're lessons you can upgrade to if you're lessons you can upgrade to if you're interested. The key lessons, the key interested. The key lessons, the key interested. The key lessons, the key ideas are in tactical agenda coding. But ideas are in tactical agenda coding. But ideas are in tactical agenda coding. But if you want more and if you want some if you want more and if you want some if you want more and if you want some extra bonuses, check out Agenta Horizon. extra bonuses, check out Agenta Horizon. extra bonuses, check out Agenta Horizon. Okay, here you'll get three lessons Okay, here you'll get three lessons Okay, here you'll get three lessons right now that we've been teasing over right now that we've been teasing over right now that we've been teasing over the past 3 weeks and you'll get three the past 3 weeks and you'll get three the past 3 weeks and you'll get three future lessons that you get to vote on. future lessons that you get to vote on. future lessons that you get to vote on. This is a new voting mechanism. You get This is a new voting mechanism. You get This is a new voting mechanism. You get to vote on exactly what you want to see to vote on exactly what you want to see to vote on exactly what you want to see next. Okay, tactical coding follows a next. Okay, tactical coding follows a next. Okay, tactical coding follows a similar formula. If you've taken similar formula. If you've taken similar formula. If you've taken principal a coding, you're familiar with principal a coding, you're familiar with principal a coding, you're familiar with this. We have eight lessons and eight this. We have eight lessons and eight this. We have eight lessons and eight tactics. Okay, we're going from beginner tactics. Okay, we're going from beginner tactics. Okay, we're going from beginner to intermediate to advanced. All right. to intermediate to advanced. All right. to intermediate to advanced. All right. Now, if the course is a good fit for Now, if the course is a good fit for Now, if the course is a good fit for you, lesson one is going to feel like a you, lesson one is going to feel like a you, lesson one is going to feel like a bit of a waste of time. It's going to bit of a waste of time. It's going to bit of a waste of time. It's going to feel a little bit slow, but lesson one feel a little bit slow, but lesson one feel a little bit slow, but lesson one is critically important. This is where is critically important. This is where is critically important. This is where we set the stage for everything else. If we set the stage for everything else. If we set the stage for everything else. If you build the fundamentals right, if you you build the fundamentals right, if you you build the fundamentals right, if you build that groundwork, right, everything build that groundwork, right, everything build that groundwork, right, everything else falls into place. We only have two else falls into place. We only have two else falls into place. We only have two beginner lessons here. Things move up beginner lessons here. Things move up beginner lessons here. Things move up very quickly to the intermediate level. very quickly to the intermediate level. very quickly to the intermediate level. We talk about turning your prompts into We talk about turning your prompts into We talk about turning your prompts into plans and your plans into something plans and your plans into something plans and your plans into something brand new, a next generation agentic brand new, a next generation agentic brand new, a next generation agentic prompting technique you can use. We talk prompting technique you can use. We talk prompting technique you can use. We talk about that in lesson three. And then about that in lesson three. And then about that in lesson three. And then things go bananas from there. Okay, AFK things go bananas from there. Okay, AFK things go bananas from there. Okay, AFK agents close the loops, right? Scale agents close the loops, right? Scale agents close the loops, right? Scale your compute to get more confidence. your compute to get more confidence. your compute to get more confidence. Build self-correcting systems. Destroy Build self-correcting systems. Destroy Build self-correcting systems. Destroy those bugs. Destroy those those bugs. Destroy those those bugs. Destroy those hallucinations. And then things go hallucinations. And then things go hallucinations. And then things go parabolic in the advanced lessons. Let parabolic in the advanced lessons. Let parabolic in the advanced lessons. Let your agent focus. We have agentic review your agent focus. We have agentic review your agent focus. We have agentic review and documentation. We have a big secret and documentation. We have a big secret and documentation. We have a big secret reveal in lesson 7. And then the one big reveal in lesson 7. And then the one big reveal in lesson 7. And then the one big idea to rule them all, the agentic idea to rule them all, the agentic idea to rule them all, the agentic layer. So that's the lesson structure. layer. So that's the lesson structure. layer. So that's the lesson structure. And then of course, as mentioned, you And then of course, as mentioned, you And then of course, as mentioned, you have the agentic horizon extended have the agentic horizon extended have the agentic horizon extended lessons if you're interested. This is an lessons if you're interested. This is an lessons if you're interested. This is an additional upgrade you can buy if you additional upgrade you can buy if you additional upgrade you can buy if you want to push it even further. All right, want to push it even further. All right, want to push it even further. All right, so we're back for phase two. And I just so we're back for phase two. And I just so we're back for phase two. And I just want to say, you know, I want to stop want to say, you know, I want to stop want to say, you know, I want to stop for a moment. Uh, none of this is for a moment. Uh, none of this is for a moment. Uh, none of this is possible without the, you know, kind possible without the, you know, kind possible without the, you know, kind words and the involvement and the words and the involvement and the words and the involvement and the participation of you, the engineer, and participation of you, the engineer, and participation of you, the engineer, and thousands, you know, literally hundreds thousands, you know, literally hundreds thousands, you know, literally hundreds of thousands of other engineers now who of thousands of other engineers now who of thousands of other engineers now who have watched, who have shared their kind have watched, who have shared their kind have watched, who have shared their kind words. Uh, we've come a long way since words. Uh, we've come a long way since words. Uh, we've come a long way since the GBT 3.5 and Ader days, but here we the GBT 3.5 and Ader days, but here we the GBT 3.5 and Ader days, but here we are. Um, and now it's time to take it to are. Um, and now it's time to take it to are. Um, and now it's time to take it to the next next step. So, you know, a the next next step. So, you know, a the next next step. So, you know, a bunch of kind words here from everyone. bunch of kind words here from everyone. bunch of kind words here from everyone. Big shout out to you guys. And then we Big shout out to you guys. And then we Big shout out to you guys. And then we have uh the final pricing. It's super have uh the final pricing. It's super have uh the final pricing. It's super important to touch on this. I have two important to touch on this. I have two important to touch on this. I have two deals running right now. Of course, I deals running right now. Of course, I deals running right now. Of course, I always like to do an early bird special always like to do an early bird special always like to do an early bird special and then if you're a principal AI coding and then if you're a principal AI coding and then if you're a principal AI coding member, this cuts the price in half. If member, this cuts the price in half. If member, this cuts the price in half. If you're not a principal a coding member, you're not a principal a coding member, you're not a principal a coding member, don't worry. You still get the early don't worry. You still get the early don't worry. You still get the early bird special. By the time you're seeing bird special. By the time you're seeing bird special. By the time you're seeing this, you'll probably have 16 days here this, you'll probably have 16 days here this, you'll probably have 16 days here and maybe 30 here. I'm not sure. So, and maybe 30 here. I'm not sure. So, and maybe 30 here. I'm not sure. So, take advantage of this. This is not a take advantage of this. This is not a take advantage of this. This is not a marketing trick or anything. I just want marketing trick or anything. I just want marketing trick or anything. I just want to reward engineers who move fast and to reward engineers who move fast and to reward engineers who move fast and invest in themselves. All right? There invest in themselves. All right? There invest in themselves. All right? There are tons of bonuses in here. Feel free are tons of bonuses in here. Feel free are tons of bonuses in here. Feel free to check this out step by step. If to check this out step by step. If to check this out step by step. If you're an individual, you can purchase you're an individual, you can purchase you're an individual, you can purchase Agentic Horizon after you buy Tactical Agentic Horizon after you buy Tactical Agentic Horizon after you buy Tactical Agent Coding. I'll show you what that Agent Coding. I'll show you what that Agent Coding. I'll show you what that looks like in just a second. And if looks like in just a second. And if looks like in just a second. And if you're purchasing for a team, you can you're purchasing for a team, you can you're purchasing for a team, you can click team right here and add as many click team right here and add as many click team right here and add as many seats as you need. As you add seats, seats as you need. As you add seats, seats as you need. As you add seats, you're going to see your discount go up. you're going to see your discount go up. you're going to see your discount go up. Since we don't have an early bird or Since we don't have an early bird or Since we don't have an early bird or pack discount for team purchases, we are pack discount for team purchases, we are pack discount for team purchases, we are applying that discount to a Genta applying that discount to a Genta applying that discount to a Genta Horizon extended lessons. You get a Horizon extended lessons. You get a Horizon extended lessons. You get a major discount on both of these lesson major discount on both of these lesson major discount on both of these lesson sets. If you're interested, you can sets. If you're interested, you can sets. If you're interested, you can scale this up and uplevel your scale this up and uplevel your scale this up and uplevel your engineering org. So, there's a ton of engineering org. So, there's a ton of engineering org. So, there's a ton of value in here. Uh, if you're not sure if value in here. Uh, if you're not sure if value in here. Uh, if you're not sure if this is for you, check the FAQ. Watch this is for you, check the FAQ. Watch this is for you, check the FAQ. Watch this to qualify. This is for mid to this to qualify. This is for mid to this to qualify. This is for mid to senior level engineers that know agents senior level engineers that know agents senior level engineers that know agents are the future of engineering. Okay, are the future of engineering. Okay, are the future of engineering. Okay, this is going to be hard. This is not a this is going to be hard. This is not a this is going to be hard. This is not a simple course. We cover advanced topics. simple course. We cover advanced topics. simple course. We cover advanced topics. You need to know about agents. You need You need to know about agents. You need You need to know about agents. You need to know about the big three context to know about the big three context to know about the big three context model prompt. And, you know, by the way, model prompt. And, you know, by the way, model prompt. And, you know, by the way, just to mention this, this is completely just to mention this, this is completely just to mention this, this is completely risk-free. We have a no questions asked risk-free. We have a no questions asked risk-free. We have a no questions asked 30-day refund before you start lesson 4. 30-day refund before you start lesson 4. 30-day refund before you start lesson 4. So, if you get to lesson three and you So, if you get to lesson three and you So, if you get to lesson three and you don't like my style, you don't like the don't like my style, you don't like the don't like my style, you don't like the ideas, you don't like the vision, no ideas, you don't like the vision, no ideas, you don't like the vision, no problem. No hard feelings. I'll get you problem. No hard feelings. I'll get you problem. No hard feelings. I'll get you a full refund before you start lesson 4 a full refund before you start lesson 4 a full refund before you start lesson 4 before you upgrade to Aentic Horizon. before you upgrade to Aentic Horizon. before you upgrade to Aentic Horizon. You get everything back. Okay? I want You get everything back. Okay? I want You get everything back. Okay? I want the right engineers in this course. If the right engineers in this course. If the right engineers in this course. If that's not you, no problem at all. So, that's not you, no problem at all. So, that's not you, no problem at all. So, this makes it completely risk-f free. this makes it completely risk-f free. this makes it completely risk-f free. You can just jump in here and get You can just jump in here and get You can just jump in here and get started. Okay? If you're a pack member, started. Okay? If you're a pack member, started. Okay? If you're a pack member, be sure to sign into the right account be sure to sign into the right account be sure to sign into the right account before you purchase. Once you click before you purchase. Once you click before you purchase. Once you click master agent coding, you'll be taken to master agent coding, you'll be taken to master agent coding, you'll be taken to the landing page of the course and it the landing page of the course and it the landing page of the course and it looks just like this. You'll have looks just like this. You'll have looks just like this. You'll have premium access to tactical agent coding premium access to tactical agent coding premium access to tactical agent coding where we start with the first two where we start with the first two where we start with the first two lessons. Every next lesson unlocks when lessons. Every next lesson unlocks when lessons. Every next lesson unlocks when you complete 50% of the previous lesson. you complete 50% of the previous lesson. you complete 50% of the previous lesson. And if you scroll down here, you can see And if you scroll down here, you can see And if you scroll down here, you can see agentic horizon. Here I have it agentic horizon. Here I have it agentic horizon. Here I have it unlocked. I can vote on the next lessons unlocked. I can vote on the next lessons unlocked. I can vote on the next lessons and I can freely watch any one of these and I can freely watch any one of these and I can freely watch any one of these lessons as I choose. All right, so this lessons as I choose. All right, so this lessons as I choose. All right, so this is what the lesson page looks like and is what the lesson page looks like and is what the lesson page looks like and this is all here waiting for you. This this is all here waiting for you. This this is all here waiting for you. This is tactical agent coding. All right, now is tactical agent coding. All right, now is tactical agent coding. All right, now super long pitch. I know there are a lot super long pitch. I know there are a lot super long pitch. I know there are a lot of engineers that have been waiting for of engineers that have been waiting for of engineers that have been waiting for this. So I just want to be really this. So I just want to be really this. So I just want to be really thorough with the announcement here. I thorough with the announcement here. I thorough with the announcement here. I want to say huge thank you to all the want to say huge thank you to all the want to say huge thank you to all the engineers that have been excited and engineers that have been excited and engineers that have been excited and patient for this release. This course is patient for this release. This course is patient for this release. This course is the result of feedback from hundreds of the result of feedback from hundreds of the result of feedback from hundreds of engineers. It's a massive edge. you have engineers. It's a massive edge. you have engineers. It's a massive edge. you have the opportunity to gain right now. Okay, the opportunity to gain right now. Okay, the opportunity to gain right now. Okay, this is for engineers that ship. We are this is for engineers that ship. We are this is for engineers that ship. We are not vibe coding here. AI coding is not not vibe coding here. AI coding is not not vibe coding here. AI coding is not enough. We're not prompting and not enough. We're not prompting and not enough. We're not prompting and not looking. We're going deep and we're looking. We're going deep and we're looking. We're going deep and we're using this technology to extend what we using this technology to extend what we using this technology to extend what we can do as engineers. The whole purpose can do as engineers. The whole purpose can do as engineers. The whole purpose here, again, my goal here is to turn you here, again, my goal here is to turn you here, again, my goal here is to turn you into an engineer they can't replace. So, into an engineer they can't replace. So, into an engineer they can't replace. So, huge edge. Get in here ASAP. Take huge edge. Get in here ASAP. Take huge edge. Get in here ASAP. Take advantage of the early bird and pack advantage of the early bird and pack advantage of the early bird and pack deal. They will expire. I want to reward deal. They will expire. I want to reward deal. They will expire. I want to reward engineers who move fast and invest in engineers who move fast and invest in engineers who move fast and invest in themselves. These deals will expire and themselves. These deals will expire and themselves. These deals will expire and the price will go up to the full price. the price will go up to the full price. the price will go up to the full price. By the way, if you're looking at this By the way, if you're looking at this By the way, if you're looking at this price right without pack membership or price right without pack membership or price right without pack membership or without the early bird and you think without the early bird and you think without the early bird and you think it's a shocking price, it probably means it's a shocking price, it probably means it's a shocking price, it probably means it's not for you. Okay? This for mid to it's not for you. Okay? This for mid to it's not for you. Okay? This for mid to senior level engineers shipping to senior level engineers shipping to senior level engineers shipping to production and they know that agents are production and they know that agents are production and they know that agents are what's next and they want to win. Get in what's next and they want to win. Get in what's next and they want to win. Get in here, get your next generation here, get your next generation here, get your next generation perspective on how to build better and perspective on how to build better and perspective on how to build better and faster with agents. No matter what you faster with agents. No matter what you faster with agents. No matter what you do, focus on your plan for the future. do, focus on your plan for the future. do, focus on your plan for the future. Even if you aren't interested in TAC, Even if you aren't interested in TAC, Even if you aren't interested in TAC, make sure you have a plan for yourself make sure you have a plan for yourself make sure you have a plan for yourself for the future. All right, I'm betting for the future. All right, I'm betting for the future. All right, I'm betting on custom agents. I'm letting go of old on custom agents. I'm letting go of old on custom agents. I'm letting go of old skills. I'm limit breaking the review skills. I'm limit breaking the review skills. I'm limit breaking the review and the planning constraints of agent and the planning constraints of agent and the planning constraints of agent coding. And then we're going to dive coding. And then we're going to dive coding. And then we're going to dive hard and fast into multi- aent UIs to hard and fast into multi- aent UIs to hard and fast into multi- aent UIs to use more compute than ever. And then of use more compute than ever. And then of use more compute than ever. And then of course, it all kind of sums up to course, it all kind of sums up to course, it all kind of sums up to compute maxing. Whatever you're doing compute maxing. Whatever you're doing compute maxing. Whatever you're doing right now, however much compute you're right now, however much compute you're right now, however much compute you're using, you're not using enough. I have a using, you're not using enough. I have a using, you're not using enough. I have a huge prediction in 2026. We're going to huge prediction in 2026. We're going to huge prediction in 2026. We're going to see our first compute crunch. We will see our first compute crunch. We will see our first compute crunch. We will have a limited supply of compute. We're have a limited supply of compute. We're have a limited supply of compute. We're already starting to see signs of that. already starting to see signs of that. already starting to see signs of that. All right. But as you and I, you know, All right. But as you and I, you know, All right. But as you and I, you know, the engineers kind of on the bleeding the engineers kind of on the bleeding the engineers kind of on the bleeding edge as we start scaling up our compute edge as we start scaling up our compute edge as we start scaling up our compute more and more, this will become a larger more and more, this will become a larger more and more, this will become a larger and larger problem. The more compute you and larger problem. The more compute you and larger problem. The more compute you can use, the more you realize you can can use, the more you realize you can can use, the more you realize you can do, which leads you to using more do, which leads you to using more do, which leads you to using more compute. So, this is my plan for 2026. compute. So, this is my plan for 2026. compute. So, this is my plan for 2026. you now have a massive opportunity you now have a massive opportunity you now have a massive opportunity available to you. Check out Tactical available to you. Check out Tactical available to you. Check out Tactical Agentic Coding. We're going to be Agentic Coding. We're going to be Agentic Coding. We're going to be breaking this down and touching on this breaking this down and touching on this breaking this down and touching on this in the future on the channel. No matter in the future on the channel. No matter in the future on the channel. No matter what you do here, stay focused and keep what you do here, stay focused and keep what you do here, stay focused and keep building.
