Title: Neo： First-Ever Autonomous Machine Learning Engineer That CAN AUTOMATE Anything!
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

What if you had a full stack ML engineer What if you had a full stack ML engineer What if you had a full stack ML engineer that never sleeps? One that can explore that never sleeps? One that can explore that never sleeps? One that can explore data, engineer features, train models, data, engineer features, train models, data, engineer features, train models, tune them, deploy, and even monitor them tune them, deploy, and even monitor them tune them, deploy, and even monitor them all on its own. Well, this is where I'd all on its own. Well, this is where I'd all on its own. Well, this is where I'd like to introduce Neo, the world's first like to introduce Neo, the world's first like to introduce Neo, the world's first autonomous machine learning engineer. autonomous machine learning engineer. autonomous machine learning engineer. And it's truly impressive. Neo is a And it's truly impressive. Neo is a And it's truly impressive. Neo is a super intelligent AI engineer built to super intelligent AI engineer built to super intelligent AI engineer built to handle the entire ML workflow end to end handle the entire ML workflow end to end handle the entire ML workflow end to end with human in the loop control so you're with human in the loop control so you're with human in the loop control so you're always in charge. It's powered by 11 always in charge. It's powered by 11 always in charge. It's powered by 11 specialized agents and a brand new specialized agents and a brand new specialized agents and a brand new multi- aent orchestrator. Neo achieved multi- aent orchestrator. Neo achieved multi- aent orchestrator. Neo achieved the highest score on open AI's MLE bench the highest score on open AI's MLE bench the highest score on open AI's MLE bench with the 34.2 percentage. This is with the 34.2 percentage. This is with the 34.2 percentage. This is surpassing Deepseek, Microsoft's RD surpassing Deepseek, Microsoft's RD surpassing Deepseek, Microsoft's RD Agent, Aid, Open Hands, and proving Agent, Aid, Open Hands, and proving Agent, Aid, Open Hands, and proving itself across 75 Kaggle competitions. itself across 75 Kaggle competitions. itself across 75 Kaggle competitions. But Neo isn't just about benchmarks. But Neo isn't just about benchmarks. But Neo isn't just about benchmarks. It's actually designed for realworld use It's actually designed for realworld use It's actually designed for realworld use cases. Neo also has a VPC mode, so the cases. Neo also has a VPC mode, so the cases. Neo also has a VPC mode, so the data never actually leaves your data never actually leaves your data never actually leaves your environment. There's also an effort environment. There's also an effort environment. There's also an effort quotient where you can choose how deeply quotient where you can choose how deeply quotient where you can choose how deeply Neo should actually reason from quick Neo should actually reason from quick Neo should actually reason from quick drafts to actual production ready drafts to actual production ready drafts to actual production ready builds. So overall, this isn't just a builds. So overall, this isn't just a builds. So overall, this isn't just a coding assistant. This is an ML engineer coding assistant. This is an ML engineer coding assistant. This is an ML engineer that's faster, tireless, and built to that's faster, tireless, and built to that's faster, tireless, and built to make every workflow 10 times faster. In make every workflow 10 times faster. In make every workflow 10 times faster. In essence, Neo streamlines machine essence, Neo streamlines machine essence, Neo streamlines machine learning end to end that is going to learning end to end that is going to learning end to end that is going to take you from an idea to code to take you from an idea to code to take you from an idea to code to insights in a single interface. But now insights in a single interface. But now insights in a single interface. But now let's actually see it in action. This is let's actually see it in action. This is let's actually see it in action. This is where Neo was actually asked to build a where Neo was actually asked to build a where Neo was actually asked to build a speech recognition model for clinical speech recognition model for clinical speech recognition model for clinical transcriptions. It actually fine-tuned transcriptions. It actually fine-tuned transcriptions. It actually fine-tuned the whisper small model, successfully the whisper small model, successfully the whisper small model, successfully reducing the word error rate, which is reducing the word error rate, which is reducing the word error rate, which is pretty impressive. pretty impressive. pretty impressive. In this example, when Neo was tasked In this example, when Neo was tasked In this example, when Neo was tasked with building an ETA prediction model with building an ETA prediction model with building an ETA prediction model from a public data set, it handled the from a public data set, it handled the from a public data set, it handled the entire pipeline autonomously from data entire pipeline autonomously from data entire pipeline autonomously from data cleaning and feature engineering to cleaning and feature engineering to cleaning and feature engineering to model selection and hyperparameter model selection and hyperparameter model selection and hyperparameter tuning. It evaluated the model and tuning. It evaluated the model and tuning. It evaluated the model and generated detailed metrics and generated detailed metrics and generated detailed metrics and visualizations. And finally, Neo visualizations. And finally, Neo visualizations. And finally, Neo produced a productionready prediction produced a productionready prediction produced a productionready prediction pipeline with fully documented code and pipeline with fully documented code and pipeline with fully documented code and reproducible steps. This is why I really reproducible steps. This is why I really reproducible steps. This is why I really wanted to make a video on Neo cuz it is wanted to make a video on Neo cuz it is wanted to make a video on Neo cuz it is truly remarkable. Now, unfortunately, truly remarkable. Now, unfortunately, truly remarkable. Now, unfortunately, it's not fully available for everyone it's not fully available for everyone it's not fully available for everyone yet, but you can request access as they yet, but you can request access as they yet, but you can request access as they are moving into their early access are moving into their early access are moving into their early access phase. So, if you are an individual or a phase. So, if you are an individual or a phase. So, if you are an individual or a company, you can simply request for NEO company, you can simply request for NEO company, you can simply request for NEO by heading over to this page, which I'll by heading over to this page, which I'll by heading over to this page, which I'll leave a link to in the description leave a link to in the description leave a link to in the description below. But thankfully, I have gotten below. But thankfully, I have gotten below. But thankfully, I have gotten access to Neo. So, this way I can access to Neo. So, this way I can access to Neo. So, this way I can showcase all the features of part of it. showcase all the features of part of it. showcase all the features of part of it. But let's say if you do get access, But let's say if you do get access, But let's say if you do get access, you'll then be sent over to the Neo you'll then be sent over to the Neo you'll then be sent over to the Neo dashboard. This is where you can manage dashboard. This is where you can manage dashboard. This is where you can manage all of your projects or access example all of your projects or access example all of your projects or access example projects to get a better feel of Neo. projects to get a better feel of Neo. projects to get a better feel of Neo. You can also access them through the You can also access them through the You can also access them through the lefth hand panel. You can manage your lefth hand panel. You can manage your lefth hand panel. You can manage your secret keys. You can view the docs as secret keys. You can view the docs as secret keys. You can view the docs as well as the settings. Now, the docs is well as the settings. Now, the docs is well as the settings. Now, the docs is where you can get more details about the where you can get more details about the where you can get more details about the VPC mode and a couple other VPC mode and a couple other VPC mode and a couple other configuration docs. So, if you're configuration docs. So, if you're configuration docs. So, if you're interested, definitely take a look at interested, definitely take a look at interested, definitely take a look at this with the link in the description this with the link in the description this with the link in the description below. Before we get started, I just below. Before we get started, I just below. Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should want to mention that you should want to mention that you should definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the definitely go ahead and subscribe to the World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly World of AI newsletter. I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a posting different newsletters on a weekly basis. So this is where you can weekly basis. So this is where you can weekly basis. So this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about easily get up-to-date knowledge about what is happening in the AI space. So what is happening in the AI space. So what is happening in the AI space. So definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as definitely go ahead and subscribe as this is completely for free. Here is an this is completely for free. Here is an this is completely for free. Here is an example where Neo is going to example where Neo is going to example where Neo is going to autonomously build a chat moderation autonomously build a chat moderation autonomously build a chat moderation pipeline and you can see how helpful Neo pipeline and you can see how helpful Neo pipeline and you can see how helpful Neo actually is. In this demo, I actually actually is. In this demo, I actually actually is. In this demo, I actually asked it to detect profanity in harmful asked it to detect profanity in harmful asked it to detect profanity in harmful text in messages. And since there's no text in messages. And since there's no text in messages. And since there's no real data set which was provided, Neo is real data set which was provided, Neo is real data set which was provided, Neo is going to generate a synthetic data set going to generate a synthetic data set going to generate a synthetic data set that covers English messages and it that covers English messages and it that covers English messages and it includes profanity, hate speech, includes profanity, hate speech, includes profanity, hate speech, bullying and explicit threats. But to bullying and explicit threats. But to bullying and explicit threats. But to ensure the system is practical for real ensure the system is practical for real ensure the system is practical for real world use, it was able to define key world use, it was able to define key world use, it was able to define key parameters like the chat environment parameters like the chat environment parameters like the chat environment should handle moderate to high message should handle moderate to high message should handle moderate to high message volumes with low latency detection. And volumes with low latency detection. And volumes with low latency detection. And the main success metric is high recall the main success metric is high recall the main success metric is high recall for harmful content. that's balanced for harmful content. that's balanced for harmful content. that's balanced with reasonable precision measured by F1 with reasonable precision measured by F1 with reasonable precision measured by F1 scores. And right now you can see the scores. And right now you can see the scores. And right now you can see the first pass ledger list is the stage one first pass ledger list is the stage one first pass ledger list is the stage one where it's focusing on the data set where it's focusing on the data set where it's focusing on the data set engineering and the preparation. This is engineering and the preparation. This is engineering and the preparation. This is where it's going to run to focus on where it's going to run to focus on where it's going to run to focus on things like analyzing the moderation things like analyzing the moderation things like analyzing the moderation categories, creating a comprehensive categories, creating a comprehensive categories, creating a comprehensive annotation guideline and a couple other annotation guideline and a couple other annotation guideline and a couple other tasks. And you can see that this is a tasks. And you can see that this is a tasks. And you can see that this is a super agent that will autonomously super agent that will autonomously super agent that will autonomously handle end-to-end pipeline tasks from handle end-to-end pipeline tasks from handle end-to-end pipeline tasks from data generation all the way to data generation all the way to data generation all the way to processing the model training evaluation processing the model training evaluation processing the model training evaluation to deployment and all of this is to deployment and all of this is to deployment and all of this is designed to integrate seamlessly with a designed to integrate seamlessly with a designed to integrate seamlessly with a python-based backend and this will python-based backend and this will python-based backend and this will provide real time moderation through an provide real time moderation through an provide real time moderation through an API. API. API. Right now it is taking off all the tasks Right now it is taking off all the tasks Right now it is taking off all the tasks that it's completing like creating the that it's completing like creating the that it's completing like creating the comprehensive synthetic data and also comprehensive synthetic data and also comprehensive synthetic data and also validating it which is great. And right validating it which is great. And right validating it which is great. And right now you can also access the synthetic now you can also access the synthetic now you can also access the synthetic data set through the CSC file that it data set through the CSC file that it data set through the CSC file that it has generated. has generated. has generated. Looks like Neo has finished the full Looks like Neo has finished the full Looks like Neo has finished the full data set engineering and preparation data set engineering and preparation data set engineering and preparation workflow. And it's truly amazing because workflow. And it's truly amazing because workflow. And it's truly amazing because it analyzed the moderation categories. it analyzed the moderation categories. it analyzed the moderation categories. It focused on creating the synthetic It focused on creating the synthetic It focused on creating the synthetic data. It generated all the contents for data. It generated all the contents for data. It generated all the contents for it. It also created the Python based it. It also created the Python based it. It also created the Python based synthetic database generation framework synthetic database generation framework synthetic database generation framework which is also great. And what's great is which is also great. And what's great is which is also great. And what's great is that all the artifacts are now including that all the artifacts are now including that all the artifacts are now including the CSV data set as well as the schema the CSV data set as well as the schema the CSV data set as well as the schema JSON file where it's documenting the JSON file where it's documenting the JSON file where it's documenting the validated uh data set which is great validated uh data set which is great validated uh data set which is great because this way you can now access the because this way you can now access the because this way you can now access the synthetic data that we had requested it synthetic data that we had requested it synthetic data that we had requested it to generate for the next phase which is to generate for the next phase which is to generate for the next phase which is training the baseline classification training the baseline classification training the baseline classification model which is where it's working on model which is where it's working on model which is where it's working on this next step. But personally, I'm this next step. But personally, I'm this next step. But personally, I'm truly impressed as to how Neo was able truly impressed as to how Neo was able truly impressed as to how Neo was able to handle the entire data set creation to handle the entire data set creation to handle the entire data set creation process. It was able to do this fully process. It was able to do this fully process. It was able to do this fully autonomously from defining the schema autonomously from defining the schema autonomously from defining the schema and the annotation guidelines to and the annotation guidelines to and the annotation guidelines to generate a fully validated highquality generate a fully validated highquality generate a fully validated highquality synthetic data set. It not only ensured synthetic data set. It not only ensured synthetic data set. It not only ensured the balanced coverage across all harmful the balanced coverage across all harmful the balanced coverage across all harmful content categories, but it also content categories, but it also content categories, but it also incorporated multilel support as well as incorporated multilel support as well as incorporated multilel support as well as reproducibility which you can see within reproducibility which you can see within reproducibility which you can see within the exploreration validation. It was the exploreration validation. It was the exploreration validation. It was able to focus on this. It also able to focus on this. It also able to focus on this. It also demonstrated how capable it was in terms demonstrated how capable it was in terms demonstrated how capable it was in terms of managing complex end toend ML of managing complex end toend ML of managing complex end toend ML workflows without manual intervention. I workflows without manual intervention. I workflows without manual intervention. I didn't do anything. It did all of this didn't do anything. It did all of this didn't do anything. It did all of this autonomously which is quite impressive. autonomously which is quite impressive. autonomously which is quite impressive. So, looks like Neil was successfully So, looks like Neil was successfully So, looks like Neil was successfully able to train the baseline models for able to train the baseline models for able to train the baseline models for chat moderation with the logistic chat moderation with the logistic chat moderation with the logistic regression classifier and achieved a regression classifier and achieved a regression classifier and achieved a 92.4 percentage on the F1 score and a 92.4 percentage on the F1 score and a 92.4 percentage on the F1 score and a 90% on recall. So now what it's going to 90% on recall. So now what it's going to 90% on recall. So now what it's going to work on is having it build a work on is having it build a work on is having it build a productionready real-time API using productionready real-time API using productionready real-time API using flask and fast API and it's going to flask and fast API and it's going to flask and fast API and it's going to work on loading the trained models as work on loading the trained models as work on loading the trained models as well as providing the endpoints per well as providing the endpoints per well as providing the endpoints per category for moderation outputs. So all category for moderation outputs. So all category for moderation outputs. So all of this is done autonomously by Neo. of this is done autonomously by Neo. of this is done autonomously by Neo. It's going to create a fully deployable It's going to create a fully deployable It's going to create a fully deployable system ready to integrate into a live system ready to integrate into a live system ready to integrate into a live chat environment. And you can see that chat environment. And you can see that chat environment. And you can see that right now it is writing the code for all right now it is writing the code for all right now it is writing the code for all of this to be functional all on its own of this to be functional all on its own of this to be functional all on its own with the demo API as well with the with the demo API as well with the with the demo API as well with the validation as well as the inference. validation as well as the inference. validation as well as the inference. So looks like the chat moderation API So looks like the chat moderation API So looks like the chat moderation API environment is ready for production and environment is ready for production and environment is ready for production and what I've done now is I have approved it what I've done now is I have approved it what I've done now is I have approved it myself as well with human in the loop myself as well with human in the loop myself as well with human in the loop and I have now requested it to actually and I have now requested it to actually and I have now requested it to actually focus on the next phase to deploy and focus on the next phase to deploy and focus on the next phase to deploy and demonstrate the chat moderation demonstrate the chat moderation demonstrate the chat moderation pipeline. This is where I told it to pipeline. This is where I told it to pipeline. This is where I told it to actually execute this where I want to actually execute this where I want to actually execute this where I want to access it to see how it actually works. access it to see how it actually works. access it to see how it actually works. And all of this has now worked on the And all of this has now worked on the And all of this has now worked on the documentation which you can see there's documentation which you can see there's documentation which you can see there's multiple different files that it has multiple different files that it has multiple different files that it has worked upon. It audited the trails the worked upon. It audited the trails the worked upon. It audited the trails the responsibility checks as well as responsibility checks as well as responsibility checks as well as ensuring the system is ready for ensuring the system is ready for ensuring the system is ready for production grade features. It is now production grade features. It is now production grade features. It is now ready to actually access after this next ready to actually access after this next ready to actually access after this next step which is where we'll be demoing step which is where we'll be demoing step which is where we'll be demoing this chat pipeline that we had created. this chat pipeline that we had created. this chat pipeline that we had created. So it looks like it is fully complete So it looks like it is fully complete So it looks like it is fully complete now. I have an API endpoint that's now. I have an API endpoint that's now. I have an API endpoint that's actually running as well as the front actually running as well as the front actually running as well as the front end that has been fully coded out and end that has been fully coded out and end that has been fully coded out and you can see that it's now showcasing the you can see that it's now showcasing the you can see that it's now showcasing the complete chat moderation pipeline. You complete chat moderation pipeline. You complete chat moderation pipeline. You can see right now that it is showcasing can see right now that it is showcasing can see right now that it is showcasing the messages that it has detected that the messages that it has detected that the messages that it has detected that may be a part of the detection may be a part of the detection may be a part of the detection categories that we have set that may categories that we have set that may categories that we have set that may contain profanity, harassment, spam or contain profanity, harassment, spam or contain profanity, harassment, spam or threats. The system status is running threats. The system status is running threats. The system status is running right now which you can see with the API right now which you can see with the API right now which you can see with the API status that is currently running. And status that is currently running. And status that is currently running. And then you also have a good condensed then you also have a good condensed then you also have a good condensed version of the analytics like the total version of the analytics like the total version of the analytics like the total messages, flagged content, blocked messages, flagged content, blocked messages, flagged content, blocked latency and such forth. You can even latency and such forth. You can even latency and such forth. You can even export the contents that it has worked export the contents that it has worked export the contents that it has worked upon. But you can see that it created upon. But you can see that it created upon. But you can see that it created this fullon complete chat moderation this fullon complete chat moderation this fullon complete chat moderation pipeline with the front end as well. But pipeline with the front end as well. But pipeline with the front end as well. But the fact that it also created the the fact that it also created the the fact that it also created the synthetic data was just impressive. This synthetic data was just impressive. This synthetic data was just impressive. This data was fully developed on its own as data was fully developed on its own as data was fully developed on its own as well as all of these lines of code in well as all of these lines of code in well as all of these lines of code in that single sitting. If you like this that single sitting. If you like this that single sitting. If you like this video and would love to support the video and would love to support the video and would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option channel through the super thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's basically plus a lot more. But that's basically plus a lot more. But that's basically how Neo was able to autonomously build how Neo was able to autonomously build how Neo was able to autonomously build that complete chat moderation pipeline that complete chat moderation pipeline that complete chat moderation pipeline for me. from building that high quality for me. from building that high quality for me. from building that high quality synthetic data set to training baseline synthetic data set to training baseline synthetic data set to training baseline models to also deploying a production models to also deploying a production models to also deploying a production ready API and lastly enabling real-time ready API and lastly enabling real-time ready API and lastly enabling real-time moderation. This isn't just a moderation. This isn't just a moderation. This isn't just a demonstration of a random AI coder or demonstration of a random AI coder or demonstration of a random AI coder or just a basic AI. It's a glimpse into just a basic AI. It's a glimpse into just a basic AI. It's a glimpse into fully autonomous ML engineering that can fully autonomous ML engineering that can fully autonomous ML engineering that can achieve streamlining complex workflows achieve streamlining complex workflows achieve streamlining complex workflows and delivering production ready and delivering production ready and delivering production ready solutions with minimal human solutions with minimal human solutions with minimal human intervention. With Neo, tasks that used intervention. With Neo, tasks that used intervention. With Neo, tasks that used to take weeks or months can now be to take weeks or months can now be to take weeks or months can now be handled faster, smarter, and more handled faster, smarter, and more handled faster, smarter, and more reliably. And it's going to empower ML reliably. And it's going to empower ML reliably. And it's going to empower ML engineers to focus on insights and engineers to focus on insights and engineers to focus on insights and strategy rather than repetitive strategy rather than repetitive strategy rather than repetitive implementation. So, if you're looking to implementation. So, if you're looking to implementation. So, if you're looking to get started, I'll leave a link to this get started, I'll leave a link to this get started, I'll leave a link to this in the description below so that you can in the description below so that you can in the description below so that you can easily sign up for the early access. And easily sign up for the early access. And easily sign up for the early access. And I'll leave also all the other links like I'll leave also all the other links like I'll leave also all the other links like the demos, the docs, and so much more. the demos, the docs, and so much more. the demos, the docs, and so much more. But with that thought, guys, thank you But with that thought, guys, thank you But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video. Make sure you enjoyed today's video. Make sure you enjoyed today's video. Make sure you subscribe to the second channel, join subscribe to the second channel, join subscribe to the second channel, join the newsletter, make sure you join our the newsletter, make sure you join our the newsletter, make sure you join our private Discord, follow me on Twitter, private Discord, follow me on Twitter, private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys and lastly, make sure you guys and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos because there is at our previous videos because there is at our previous videos because there is a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly a lot of content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day. Spread guys, have an amazing day. Spread guys, have an amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He suffers.
