Title: Qwen 3 Coder Plus： BEST Agentic Coding LLM! Insanely Powerful, Fast, & Free! (Opensource)
Channel: WorldofAI
======================================================================

Looks like we have the best new Looks like we have the best new Looks like we have the best new open-source coding model and it's by open-source coding model and it's by open-source coding model and it's by Alibaba. Not too long ago, the Alibaba Alibaba. Not too long ago, the Alibaba Alibaba. Not too long ago, the Alibaba team had introduced the Quen 3 model team had introduced the Quen 3 model team had introduced the Quen 3 model series and now they're back again series and now they're back again series and now they're back again announcing major updates to it. Now, announcing major updates to it. Now, announcing major updates to it. Now, especially with the Quen 3 coder, they especially with the Quen 3 coder, they especially with the Quen 3 coder, they came out with a new update with enhanced came out with a new update with enhanced came out with a new update with enhanced terminal task capabilities today as well terminal task capabilities today as well terminal task capabilities today as well as better performance on the terminal as better performance on the terminal as better performance on the terminal bench. Its coding agent abilities have bench. Its coding agent abilities have bench. Its coding agent abilities have been boosted as well as achieving an been boosted as well as achieving an been boosted as well as achieving an impressive score of 69.6. 6 on the sway impressive score of 69.6. 6 on the sway impressive score of 69.6. 6 on the sway bench verified while also showing bench verified while also showing bench verified while also showing stronger safeguards for generating more stronger safeguards for generating more stronger safeguards for generating more secure code. Now on top of this they've secure code. Now on top of this they've secure code. Now on top of this they've also upgraded their CLI tool code by also upgraded their CLI tool code by also upgraded their CLI tool code by adding support for multimodal models as adding support for multimodal models as adding support for multimodal models as well as a sub agent system. And from now well as a sub agent system. And from now well as a sub agent system. And from now on you can even input images while on you can even input images while on you can even input images while collaborating with clen code opening up collaborating with clen code opening up collaborating with clen code opening up a whole new dimension for coding a whole new dimension for coding a whole new dimension for coding workflows. But that's not all. This workflows. But that's not all. This workflows. But that's not all. This week, Alibaba team has been on fire with week, Alibaba team has been on fire with week, Alibaba team has been on fire with many different model drops. Along with many different model drops. Along with many different model drops. Along with the launch of the upgraded Quen 3 coder, the launch of the upgraded Quen 3 coder, the launch of the upgraded Quen 3 coder, they've introduced Quen 3 Max, which they've introduced Quen 3 Max, which they've introduced Quen 3 Max, which supercharges the entire Quen lineup. supercharges the entire Quen lineup. supercharges the entire Quen lineup. This is Quen's new flagship model, and This is Quen's new flagship model, and This is Quen's new flagship model, and it enhances many different capabilities it enhances many different capabilities it enhances many different capabilities equipped with tool use and advanced equipped with tool use and advanced equipped with tool use and advanced Aenta capabilities, achieving Aenta capabilities, achieving Aenta capabilities, achieving nearperfect results on key performance nearperfect results on key performance nearperfect results on key performance benchmarks. It's built on massive scale benchmarks. It's built on massive scale benchmarks. It's built on massive scale plus data and backed by relentless plus data and backed by relentless plus data and backed by relentless compute scaling in both pre-training as compute scaling in both pre-training as compute scaling in both pre-training as well as reinforcement learning. So this well as reinforcement learning. So this well as reinforcement learning. So this Quen 3 Max is just setting a new Quen 3 Max is just setting a new Quen 3 Max is just setting a new standard and it's something that we'll standard and it's something that we'll standard and it's something that we'll take a look at alongside with the new take a look at alongside with the new take a look at alongside with the new Quen 3 coder. But now going back to the Quen 3 coder. But now going back to the Quen 3 coder. But now going back to the Quen 3 coder, this new model offers 128K Quen 3 coder, this new model offers 128K Quen 3 coder, this new model offers 128K context window, which is pretty small context window, which is pretty small context window, which is pretty small compared to other models. And it offers compared to other models. And it offers compared to other models. And it offers advanced tool calling as well as advanced tool calling as well as advanced tool calling as well as autonomous coding. But in terms of its autonomous coding. But in terms of its autonomous coding. But in terms of its pricing structure, it's listed at $1 per pricing structure, it's listed at $1 per pricing structure, it's listed at $1 per 1 million input tokens. And it starts at 1 million input tokens. And it starts at 1 million input tokens. And it starts at $5 for 1 million output tokens. So it $5 for 1 million output tokens. So it $5 for 1 million output tokens. So it isn't the cheapest in comparison to isn't the cheapest in comparison to isn't the cheapest in comparison to other models and it doesn't have a other models and it doesn't have a other models and it doesn't have a larger context but in terms of its larger context but in terms of its larger context but in terms of its coding capabilities it's better than coding capabilities it's better than coding capabilities it's better than other open source models for sure. Now other open source models for sure. Now other open source models for sure. Now to get started with these models you can to get started with these models you can to get started with these models you can definitely do so through Quen's chatbot definitely do so through Quen's chatbot definitely do so through Quen's chatbot and you also have the ability to access and you also have the ability to access and you also have the ability to access it through the Alibaba cloud model it through the Alibaba cloud model it through the Alibaba cloud model studio where you can access their API studio where you can access their API studio where you can access their API keys. But in my opinion I prefer using keys. But in my opinion I prefer using keys. But in my opinion I prefer using Open Router. It is another provider Open Router. It is another provider Open Router. It is another provider where you can access the API keys for where you can access the API keys for where you can access the API keys for all these different models. And say if all these different models. And say if all these different models. And say if you want to get a free API, I definitely you want to get a free API, I definitely you want to get a free API, I definitely recommend that you use it with Kilo Code recommend that you use it with Kilo Code recommend that you use it with Kilo Code cuz they offer a lot of free credits so cuz they offer a lot of free credits so cuz they offer a lot of free credits so that you can easily get started. They that you can easily get started. They that you can easily get started. They offer up to $25 worth of free credits offer up to $25 worth of free credits offer up to $25 worth of free credits which will get you a lot of usage out of which will get you a lot of usage out of which will get you a lot of usage out of the Quinn models due to its cheap the Quinn models due to its cheap the Quinn models due to its cheap pricing. So if you want, you can pricing. So if you want, you can pricing. So if you want, you can definitely easily get started by heading definitely easily get started by heading definitely easily get started by heading over to VS Code, your IDE. Any ID works, over to VS Code, your IDE. Any ID works, over to VS Code, your IDE. Any ID works, but in this case, if it's VS Code, you but in this case, if it's VS Code, you but in this case, if it's VS Code, you can simply install the the Kilo code can simply install the the Kilo code can simply install the the Kilo code extension through the extension tab. And extension through the extension tab. And extension through the extension tab. And then you can go over to the Kilo code then you can go over to the Kilo code then you can go over to the Kilo code settings. And then you can set the model settings. And then you can set the model settings. And then you can set the model over here to the new Quen 3 coder. And over here to the new Quen 3 coder. And over here to the new Quen 3 coder. And then you can just simply go ahead and then you can just simply go ahead and then you can just simply go ahead and search it up. And you're going to be search it up. And you're going to be search it up. And you're going to be able to access it directly within Kilo able to access it directly within Kilo able to access it directly within Kilo Code. Within Kilo Code, I'm going to go Code. Within Kilo Code, I'm going to go Code. Within Kilo Code, I'm going to go ahead and have it first start off by ahead and have it first start off by ahead and have it first start off by testing out to create a browserbased OS testing out to create a browserbased OS testing out to create a browserbased OS that has many features. This is a new that has many features. This is a new that has many features. This is a new prompt that I'm testing out that I saw prompt that I'm testing out that I saw prompt that I'm testing out that I saw on Twitter. And essentially, this is on Twitter. And essentially, this is on Twitter. And essentially, this is something that has the ability to focus something that has the ability to focus something that has the ability to focus on testing the model's ability to create on testing the model's ability to create on testing the model's ability to create different coding components with a lot different coding components with a lot different coding components with a lot of creativity. And you can see that it of creativity. And you can see that it of creativity. And you can see that it has created a thorough plan already as has created a thorough plan already as has created a thorough plan already as to how it's going to develop this and to how it's going to develop this and to how it's going to develop this and how it's going to code out all the how it's going to code out all the how it's going to code out all the components of an operating system. So components of an operating system. So components of an operating system. So let's see what it actually ends up let's see what it actually ends up let's see what it actually ends up building for us. Since 2011, Zapier has building for us. Since 2011, Zapier has building for us. Since 2011, Zapier has lit the way towards the future of work. lit the way towards the future of work. lit the way towards the future of work. And on September 25th, they're back with And on September 25th, they're back with And on September 25th, they're back with the Zap Connect 2025, the free virtual the Zap Connect 2025, the free virtual the Zap Connect 2025, the free virtual event where AI goes from cool demos to event where AI goes from cool demos to event where AI goes from cool demos to scalable reality. Expect hands-on scalable reality. Expect hands-on scalable reality. Expect hands-on workshops, insider product sessions, and workshops, insider product sessions, and workshops, insider product sessions, and bigname keynotes like Fox CEO Aaron bigname keynotes like Fox CEO Aaron bigname keynotes like Fox CEO Aaron Levy, plus Lavar Burton, who will Levy, plus Lavar Burton, who will Levy, plus Lavar Burton, who will deliver a keynote on the future of AI in deliver a keynote on the future of AI in deliver a keynote on the future of AI in humanity. You'll also get networking humanity. You'll also get networking humanity. You'll also get networking builder battles and even the chance to builder battles and even the chance to builder battles and even the chance to win prizes in the light the way win prizes in the light the way win prizes in the light the way sweepstake. Want to build an AI workflow sweepstake. Want to build an AI workflow sweepstake. Want to build an AI workflow or learn how to start your AI company? or learn how to start your AI company? or learn how to start your AI company? These are different sessions that you These are different sessions that you These are different sessions that you can join virtually. You can also can join virtually. You can also can join virtually. You can also discover powerful integrations and claim discover powerful integrations and claim discover powerful integrations and claim limited time offers to automate, grow, limited time offers to automate, grow, limited time offers to automate, grow, and save. And that's not all. Zapier and save. And that's not all. Zapier and save. And that's not all. Zapier just dropped an updated Copot, your AI just dropped an updated Copot, your AI just dropped an updated Copot, your AI partner, that can turn a simple idea partner, that can turn a simple idea partner, that can turn a simple idea into a productionready workflow in into a productionready workflow in into a productionready workflow in minutes. Plus, don't miss out their minutes. Plus, don't miss out their minutes. Plus, don't miss out their brand new podcast, Agent of Scale, which brand new podcast, Agent of Scale, which brand new podcast, Agent of Scale, which is hosted by the Zapier CEO, Wade is hosted by the Zapier CEO, Wade is hosted by the Zapier CEO, Wade Foster, where leaders share unfiltered Foster, where leaders share unfiltered Foster, where leaders share unfiltered lessons on scaling AI across fast lessons on scaling AI across fast lessons on scaling AI across fast growing companies. But unlike the growing companies. But unlike the growing companies. But unlike the podcast, Zap Connect is one day only. podcast, Zap Connect is one day only. podcast, Zap Connect is one day only. So, make sure you join on September So, make sure you join on September So, make sure you join on September 25th. This is something that I'll leave 25th. This is something that I'll leave 25th. This is something that I'll leave links to in the description below so links to in the description below so links to in the description below so that you can easily register and get that you can easily register and get that you can easily register and get your free ticket today. Also, thanks to your free ticket today. Also, thanks to your free ticket today. Also, thanks to Zapier for sponsoring today's video. Zapier for sponsoring today's video. Zapier for sponsoring today's video. Zapier lights the way, but will you Zapier lights the way, but will you Zapier lights the way, but will you follow is the question. So, it looks follow is the question. So, it looks follow is the question. So, it looks like it has finished creating the like it has finished creating the like it has finished creating the browserbased OS and you can see that it browserbased OS and you can see that it browserbased OS and you can see that it looks pretty nice and in this case it looks pretty nice and in this case it looks pretty nice and in this case it has created an authentication log to the has created an authentication log to the has created an authentication log to the web OS. So, I'm going to continue as a web OS. So, I'm going to continue as a web OS. So, I'm going to continue as a guest and this is actually pretty nice. guest and this is actually pretty nice. guest and this is actually pretty nice. You can see that it looks like a pretty You can see that it looks like a pretty You can see that it looks like a pretty cool operating system. You have the text cool operating system. You have the text cool operating system. You have the text editor which is an app that you can editor which is an app that you can editor which is an app that you can actually write things with. So that's actually write things with. So that's actually write things with. So that's actually pretty cool. So I can say actually pretty cool. So I can say actually pretty cool. So I can say something like world of AI and then I something like world of AI and then I something like world of AI and then I can save that and you can see that the can save that and you can see that the can save that and you can see that the text has been saved and now I can close text has been saved and now I can close text has been saved and now I can close this. This was just one simple app that this. This was just one simple app that this. This was just one simple app that it created through the webOS. You can it created through the webOS. You can it created through the webOS. You can see there's other things like a web see there's other things like a web see there's other things like a web browser. Uh it doesn't actually work but browser. Uh it doesn't actually work but browser. Uh it doesn't actually work but you can see that it preconfigured all you can see that it preconfigured all you can see that it preconfigured all these different components like like these different components like like these different components like like creating a file manager or a settings creating a file manager or a settings creating a file manager or a settings tab that has all the different features tab that has all the different features tab that has all the different features a part of this app. calculator, which is a part of this app. calculator, which is a part of this app. calculator, which is pretty cool, text editor, a media pretty cool, text editor, a media pretty cool, text editor, a media player, as well as an image viewer. So, player, as well as an image viewer. So, player, as well as an image viewer. So, overall, it did get this prompt right, overall, it did get this prompt right, overall, it did get this prompt right, and it looks pretty cool. Next up, we're and it looks pretty cool. Next up, we're and it looks pretty cool. Next up, we're going to have the model generate a going to have the model generate a going to have the model generate a butterfly in SVG code. This is a prompt butterfly in SVG code. This is a prompt butterfly in SVG code. This is a prompt that we're trying to see how well the that we're trying to see how well the that we're trying to see how well the model is in generating SVG code, as well model is in generating SVG code, as well model is in generating SVG code, as well as focusing on creating symmetry for the as focusing on creating symmetry for the as focusing on creating symmetry for the butterfly. So, let's actually go ahead butterfly. So, let's actually go ahead butterfly. So, let's actually go ahead and copy this SVG code, go over to an and copy this SVG code, go over to an and copy this SVG code, go over to an online SVG viewer, and then paste it in. online SVG viewer, and then paste it in. online SVG viewer, and then paste it in. And there we go. We have a simple And there we go. We have a simple And there we go. We have a simple butterfly. Now, it doesn't look the butterfly. Now, it doesn't look the butterfly. Now, it doesn't look the best, but it did get the main structure best, but it did get the main structure best, but it did get the main structure and symmetry right of a butterfly. and symmetry right of a butterfly. and symmetry right of a butterfly. Following up with this prompt, I simply Following up with this prompt, I simply Following up with this prompt, I simply told it to animate it, and it did do a told it to animate it, and it did do a told it to animate it, and it did do a good job in terms of animating the good job in terms of animating the good job in terms of animating the butterfly, which is great to see cuz butterfly, which is great to see cuz butterfly, which is great to see cuz most open source models actually fail at most open source models actually fail at most open source models actually fail at this task. Now, that exact same prompt, this task. Now, that exact same prompt, this task. Now, that exact same prompt, I'm going to test it out with the Quen 3 I'm going to test it out with the Quen 3 I'm going to test it out with the Quen 3 Max to see how well it is in terms of Max to see how well it is in terms of Max to see how well it is in terms of generating the SG code. So, it looks generating the SG code. So, it looks generating the SG code. So, it looks like it has finished generating the like it has finished generating the like it has finished generating the code. I'm going to copy it. Go over to code. I'm going to copy it. Go over to code. I'm going to copy it. Go over to this online SG viewer. This is the this online SG viewer. This is the this online SG viewer. This is the previous generation, but now we're going previous generation, but now we're going previous generation, but now we're going to go ahead and paste it in. This is the to go ahead and paste it in. This is the to go ahead and paste it in. This is the new generation with the Quen 3 Max. So, new generation with the Quen 3 Max. So, new generation with the Quen 3 Max. So, this does not look like a butterfly. And this does not look like a butterfly. And this does not look like a butterfly. And unfortunately, it failed at that task, unfortunately, it failed at that task, unfortunately, it failed at that task, surprisingly. Next up, I had requested surprisingly. Next up, I had requested surprisingly. Next up, I had requested the Quen 3 coder on generating a SAS the Quen 3 coder on generating a SAS the Quen 3 coder on generating a SAS landing page, and this actually looks landing page, and this actually looks landing page, and this actually looks pretty cool. It has the new placeholder pretty cool. It has the new placeholder pretty cool. It has the new placeholder and it also has many new features that and it also has many new features that and it also has many new features that you wouldn't see typically with an AI you wouldn't see typically with an AI you wouldn't see typically with an AI SAS generated website and in this case SAS generated website and in this case SAS generated website and in this case it looks pretty good with the bottom it looks pretty good with the bottom it looks pretty good with the bottom footer fully configured a pricing tier footer fully configured a pricing tier footer fully configured a pricing tier that has different gradients and that has different gradients and that has different gradients and essentially did a great job with this essentially did a great job with this essentially did a great job with this generation. So it's great to see that generation. So it's great to see that generation. So it's great to see that Quen 3 was able to output good front-end Quen 3 was able to output good front-end Quen 3 was able to output good front-end designs. Next up within Kilo Code, I'm designs. Next up within Kilo Code, I'm designs. Next up within Kilo Code, I'm going to have the Quen 3 coder work on going to have the Quen 3 coder work on going to have the Quen 3 coder work on generating a Minecraft clone from generating a Minecraft clone from generating a Minecraft clone from scratch where it's going to work on scratch where it's going to work on scratch where it's going to work on algorithmic reasoning where it's going algorithmic reasoning where it's going algorithmic reasoning where it's going to implement the game's physics, the to implement the game's physics, the to implement the game's physics, the collision detection that is present collision detection that is present collision detection that is present within Minecraft game loops, as well as within Minecraft game loops, as well as within Minecraft game loops, as well as different behaviors that the AI coding different behaviors that the AI coding different behaviors that the AI coding model can actually work on. It's going model can actually work on. It's going model can actually work on. It's going to also help assess how well it is in to also help assess how well it is in to also help assess how well it is in terms of generating all these different terms of generating all these different terms of generating all these different files that we have requested it to work files that we have requested it to work files that we have requested it to work on, like adding a crafting system, which on, like adding a crafting system, which on, like adding a crafting system, which is pretty cool. In this case, if it's is pretty cool. In this case, if it's is pretty cool. In this case, if it's able to do this, that would be awesome. able to do this, that would be awesome. able to do this, that would be awesome. Adding different components of part of Adding different components of part of Adding different components of part of the game and correctly using graphics the game and correctly using graphics the game and correctly using graphics input, as well as all of these libraries input, as well as all of these libraries input, as well as all of these libraries to create a functional Minecraft clone. to create a functional Minecraft clone. to create a functional Minecraft clone. So, let's see if it's actually able to So, let's see if it's actually able to So, let's see if it's actually able to do that. So, I just had it generate the do that. So, I just had it generate the do that. So, I just had it generate the clone and I've just opened it up and it clone and I've just opened it up and it clone and I've just opened it up and it doesn't look like it has done a good job doesn't look like it has done a good job doesn't look like it has done a good job in generating it. So, this is actually in generating it. So, this is actually in generating it. So, this is actually kind of unfortunate cuz this does not kind of unfortunate cuz this does not kind of unfortunate cuz this does not look like a Minecraft clone at all. So, look like a Minecraft clone at all. So, look like a Minecraft clone at all. So, I don't know. The previous generation I don't know. The previous generation I don't know. The previous generation that I got from the Quen 3 model was that I got from the Quen 3 model was that I got from the Quen 3 model was actually able to do this. Maybe I need actually able to do this. Maybe I need actually able to do this. Maybe I need to use a different coding agent. I don't to use a different coding agent. I don't to use a different coding agent. I don't know what's up. But, it failed at this. know what's up. But, it failed at this. know what's up. But, it failed at this. So, it's kind of surprising. Certain So, it's kind of surprising. Certain So, it's kind of surprising. Certain cases it does good. In other cases, it cases it does good. In other cases, it cases it does good. In other cases, it doesn't, which is something that I doesn't, which is something that I doesn't, which is something that I didn't really expect. Something I've didn't really expect. Something I've didn't really expect. Something I've noticed is that this model is really noticed is that this model is really noticed is that this model is really fast in terms of taking action fast in terms of taking action fast in terms of taking action generating anything. I simply just told generating anything. I simply just told generating anything. I simply just told it to create a crypto trading purp and it to create a crypto trading purp and it to create a crypto trading purp and it did it pretty quickly and it looks it did it pretty quickly and it looks it did it pretty quickly and it looks actually pretty good. It looks a lot actually pretty good. It looks a lot actually pretty good. It looks a lot better than what we saw yesterday with better than what we saw yesterday with better than what we saw yesterday with the other DeepSeek V3.1 Terminus model. the other DeepSeek V3.1 Terminus model. the other DeepSeek V3.1 Terminus model. And in this case, you can see that And in this case, you can see that And in this case, you can see that there's different sorts of components there's different sorts of components there's different sorts of components that generated. Now everything works cuz that generated. Now everything works cuz that generated. Now everything works cuz it's on the web and it has a smaller it's on the web and it has a smaller it's on the web and it has a smaller context, but in essence, it gets all the context, but in essence, it gets all the context, but in essence, it gets all the components generated pretty quickly and components generated pretty quickly and components generated pretty quickly and it's something that you can rapidly it's something that you can rapidly it's something that you can rapidly prototype with better than something prototype with better than something prototype with better than something like the Deep Seek V3.1. If you like like the Deep Seek V3.1. If you like like the Deep Seek V3.1. If you like this video and would love to support the this video and would love to support the this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the Super Thanks option channel through the Super Thanks option channel through the Super Thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access private Discord where you can access multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. But that's basically it plus a lot more. But that's basically it plus a lot more. But that's basically it guys for today's video. I'll leave all guys for today's video. I'll leave all guys for today's video. I'll leave all these links in the description below so these links in the description below so these links in the description below so that you can easily get started with that you can easily get started with that you can easily get started with this new Quen model. But with that this new Quen model. But with that this new Quen model. But with that thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much thought, guys, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video and got some sort of value. This video and got some sort of value. This video and got some sort of value. This is definitely a great model. It's a lot is definitely a great model. It's a lot is definitely a great model. It's a lot better than its previous version. In better than its previous version. In better than its previous version. In certain areas it does better and in certain areas it does better and in certain areas it does better and in certain other cases it doesn't. So, but certain other cases it doesn't. So, but certain other cases it doesn't. So, but with that thought guys, thank you guys with that thought guys, thank you guys with that thought guys, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed today's video and got some sort of today's video and got some sort of today's video and got some sort of value. Make sure you subscribe to the value. Make sure you subscribe to the value. Make sure you subscribe to the second channel if you haven't already. second channel if you haven't already. second channel if you haven't already. Make sure you join the newsletter, join Make sure you join the newsletter, join Make sure you join the newsletter, join the private Discord, follow me on the private Discord, follow me on the private Discord, follow me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys Twitter, and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there's a lot at our previous videos cuz there's a lot at our previous videos cuz there's a lot of content that you'll truly benefit of content that you'll truly benefit of content that you'll truly benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day. Spread positivity, and an amazing day. Spread positivity, and an amazing day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He I'll see you guys fairly shortly. He suffers.
