Title: Super Agent： An Agent That Builds Its Own Tools
Channel: Prompt Engineering
======================================================================

In this video, we're going to talk about In this video, we're going to talk about In this video, we're going to talk about a deep research agent that can not only a deep research agent that can not only a deep research agent that can not only do web search for you, but can also do web search for you, but can also do web search for you, but can also control your browser and it has a number control your browser and it has a number control your browser and it has a number of MCB tools that can create word of MCB tools that can create word of MCB tools that can create word documents, PDF files and a lot more. documents, PDF files and a lot more. documents, PDF files and a lot more. This is an open-source project called This is an open-source project called This is an open-source project called deep research agent which is based on deep research agent which is based on deep research agent which is based on this paper agent orchestra a this paper agent orchestra a this paper agent orchestra a hierarchical multi- aent framework for hierarchical multi- aent framework for hierarchical multi- aent framework for generalpurpose task solving. The focus generalpurpose task solving. The focus generalpurpose task solving. The focus is on journal purpose tasks. Now this is is on journal purpose tasks. Now this is is on journal purpose tasks. Now this is from a company called Skywork AI who are from a company called Skywork AI who are from a company called Skywork AI who are also the kind sponsors of today's video also the kind sponsors of today's video also the kind sponsors of today's video and it's a very interesting company. and it's a very interesting company. and it's a very interesting company. They have been open sourcing some very They have been open sourcing some very They have been open sourcing some very interesting projects. So for example interesting projects. So for example interesting projects. So for example here is a 3D world that is created from here is a 3D world that is created from here is a 3D world that is created from a single input image. The project itself a single input image. The project itself a single input image. The project itself is completely open source. You can is completely open source. You can is completely open source. You can download and play around with this. Or download and play around with this. Or download and play around with this. Or they have this other matrix game uh 2.0 they have this other matrix game uh 2.0 they have this other matrix game uh 2.0 Nintendo again an open-source world Nintendo again an open-source world Nintendo again an open-source world model where you can actually play the model where you can actually play the model where you can actually play the game and it creates all the scenes in game and it creates all the scenes in game and it creates all the scenes in real time. They're also creating a real time. They're also creating a real time. They're also creating a platform called Skywork super agent platform called Skywork super agent platform called Skywork super agent where you can create word document u where you can create word document u where you can create word document u slides do analysis on your excel sheets slides do analysis on your excel sheets slides do analysis on your excel sheets also has a web page developer you can also has a web page developer you can also has a web page developer you can create par podcast and a lot more on create par podcast and a lot more on create par podcast and a lot more on that later in the video. Okay, so coming that later in the video. Okay, so coming that later in the video. Okay, so coming back to the deep uh research agent back to the deep uh research agent back to the deep uh research agent framework, they're doing some very neat framework, they're doing some very neat framework, they're doing some very neat and interesting things especially when and interesting things especially when and interesting things especially when it comes to the MCP manager agent part. it comes to the MCP manager agent part. it comes to the MCP manager agent part. So they're trying to build for general So they're trying to build for general So they're trying to build for general purpose task solving which means you purpose task solving which means you purpose task solving which means you cannot just rely on pre-existing tools. cannot just rely on pre-existing tools. cannot just rely on pre-existing tools. You need to have a mechanism in which You need to have a mechanism in which You need to have a mechanism in which you create new tools based on your need you create new tools based on your need you create new tools based on your need and that's exactly what they are doing. and that's exactly what they are doing. and that's exactly what they are doing. So, your agent needs to have the ability So, your agent needs to have the ability So, your agent needs to have the ability to look at the user intent, then look at to look at the user intent, then look at to look at the user intent, then look at the list of available tools. If the task the list of available tools. If the task the list of available tools. If the task can't be solved by pre-existing tools, can't be solved by pre-existing tools, can't be solved by pre-existing tools, then it should be able to synthesize then it should be able to synthesize then it should be able to synthesize tools for that specific task. Then tools for that specific task. Then tools for that specific task. Then there's a multi-stage evaluation there's a multi-stage evaluation there's a multi-stage evaluation protocol that validates that the tool protocol that validates that the tool protocol that validates that the tool actually does what it's supposed to do actually does what it's supposed to do actually does what it's supposed to do and then registers that new tool in the and then registers that new tool in the and then registers that new tool in the MCP server for any subsequent tasks MCP server for any subsequent tasks MCP server for any subsequent tasks which is an extremely neat idea and I which is an extremely neat idea and I which is an extremely neat idea and I think it's going to become uh more think it's going to become uh more think it's going to become uh more prevalent as uh these models and agents prevalent as uh these models and agents prevalent as uh these models and agents have more agency. So you're going to be have more agency. So you're going to be have more agency. So you're going to be able to build uh tools on demand and able to build uh tools on demand and able to build uh tools on demand and after some time you can just discard after some time you can just discard after some time you can just discard that tool if the agent is uh not using that tool if the agent is uh not using that tool if the agent is uh not using it anymore. Okay. So here's the main it anymore. Okay. So here's the main it anymore. Okay. So here's the main architecture of this system. At the core architecture of this system. At the core architecture of this system. At the core is the planning agent and then there are is the planning agent and then there are is the planning agent and then there are a number of different agents. The first a number of different agents. The first a number of different agents. The first one is deep analyzer agent. So this one is deep analyzer agent. So this one is deep analyzer agent. So this performs in-depth analysis of input performs in-depth analysis of input performs in-depth analysis of input information. uh it extracts key insights information. uh it extracts key insights information. uh it extracts key insights and potential requirements and also and potential requirements and also and potential requirements and also supports analysis of various different supports analysis of various different supports analysis of various different data types including text and structured data types including text and structured data types including text and structured data. Each of these dedicated agents data. Each of these dedicated agents data. Each of these dedicated agents also have a Python uh code interpreter. also have a Python uh code interpreter. also have a Python uh code interpreter. So it can run and execute codes and then So it can run and execute codes and then So it can run and execute codes and then analyze the results. Then we have a deep analyze the results. Then we have a deep analyze the results. Then we have a deep researcher. So this conducts thorough researcher. So this conducts thorough researcher. So this conducts thorough research on uh specified topics or research on uh specified topics or research on uh specified topics or questions. It retrieves and synthesize questions. It retrieves and synthesize questions. It retrieves and synthesize high quality information and is capable high quality information and is capable high quality information and is capable of generating research reports and of generating research reports and of generating research reports and knowledge summaries automatically. So knowledge summaries automatically. So knowledge summaries automatically. So think of this as a deep research agent think of this as a deep research agent think of this as a deep research agent that uh chat GPT uh Gemini or clot that uh chat GPT uh Gemini or clot that uh chat GPT uh Gemini or clot provides. Then they also have this provides. Then they also have this provides. Then they also have this dedicated browser use agent. So this can dedicated browser use agent. So this can dedicated browser use agent. So this can automatically browse u the internet. Uh automatically browse u the internet. Uh automatically browse u the internet. Uh it supports web search information it supports web search information it supports web search information extraction and data collection tasks and extraction and data collection tasks and extraction and data collection tasks and this can be used in conjunction with the this can be used in conjunction with the this can be used in conjunction with the deep researcher uh if it needs any deep researcher uh if it needs any deep researcher uh if it needs any up-to-date information from the up-to-date information from the up-to-date information from the internet. And last but not the least, we internet. And last but not the least, we internet. And last but not the least, we have the MCP uh manager agent uh that have the MCP uh manager agent uh that have the MCP uh manager agent uh that basically manages the MCP tools and basically manages the MCP tools and basically manages the MCP tools and services. And the good thing is that it services. And the good thing is that it services. And the good thing is that it dynamically um performs uh or enables dynamically um performs uh or enables dynamically um performs uh or enables tool discovery, registration and tool discovery, registration and tool discovery, registration and execution through the standard MCP execution through the standard MCP execution through the standard MCP protocol. protocol. protocol. U through this you can also have both U through this you can also have both U through this you can also have both local and remote MCP tool integration uh local and remote MCP tool integration uh local and remote MCP tool integration uh which is pretty neat. Now in terms of which is pretty neat. Now in terms of which is pretty neat. Now in terms of the overall uh functionality the overall uh functionality the overall uh functionality uh you have different tools which are uh you have different tools which are uh you have different tools which are going to um perform different actions going to um perform different actions going to um perform different actions and based on the output of those tools and based on the output of those tools and based on the output of those tools the system is able to update its plan. the system is able to update its plan. the system is able to update its plan. So here's how it usually works. You have So here's how it usually works. You have So here's how it usually works. You have uh the user objective that comes in um uh the user objective that comes in um uh the user objective that comes in um it performs or tries to interpret the it performs or tries to interpret the it performs or tries to interpret the task using um let's say the deep task using um let's say the deep task using um let's say the deep analyzer agent. it decomposed into analyzer agent. it decomposed into analyzer agent. it decomposed into subtasks then picks specialized uh sub subtasks then picks specialized uh sub subtasks then picks specialized uh sub aents for those tasks. Uh those sub aents for those tasks. Uh those sub aents for those tasks. Uh those sub aents are going to have different tools aents are going to have different tools aents are going to have different tools and um if a new tool is needed that can and um if a new tool is needed that can and um if a new tool is needed that can be created on the fly. Also when when an be created on the fly. Also when when an be created on the fly. Also when when an operation is performed uh it can collect operation is performed uh it can collect operation is performed uh it can collect those errors and updates its uh both those errors and updates its uh both those errors and updates its uh both plan and objectives. plan and objectives. plan and objectives. So this would be an example of a multi- So this would be an example of a multi- So this would be an example of a multi- aent system that can not only do simple aent system that can not only do simple aent system that can not only do simple web search and synthesize reports but web search and synthesize reports but web search and synthesize reports but also can take actions using these tools also can take actions using these tools also can take actions using these tools and agents that are available. and agents that are available. and agents that are available. Now the code is available on GitHub. Uh Now the code is available on GitHub. Uh Now the code is available on GitHub. Uh so you can run this in your local so you can run this in your local so you can run this in your local environment. But there is one more environment. But there is one more environment. But there is one more interesting thing that I want to interesting thing that I want to interesting thing that I want to highlight and that is if you look at um highlight and that is if you look at um highlight and that is if you look at um the different models that different the different models that different the different models that different agents use. It's not just one model or agents use. It's not just one model or agents use. It's not just one model or one provider. So here it relies on one provider. So here it relies on one provider. So here it relies on Google uh I think BU as well. Uh it also Google uh I think BU as well. Uh it also Google uh I think BU as well. Uh it also uses openw weight models like Quinn uses openw weight models like Quinn uses openw weight models like Quinn along with uh open AI models right. So along with uh open AI models right. So along with uh open AI models right. So this is extremely flexible and it also this is extremely flexible and it also this is extremely flexible and it also shows you that different models have shows you that different models have shows you that different models have different capabilities and strengths. So different capabilities and strengths. So different capabilities and strengths. So if you're building a multi- aent system, if you're building a multi- aent system, if you're building a multi- aent system, don't limit yourself to a single don't limit yourself to a single don't limit yourself to a single provider. provider. provider. Uh and they also have a pretty neat Uh and they also have a pretty neat Uh and they also have a pretty neat looking uh and pretty functional website looking uh and pretty functional website looking uh and pretty functional website which basically explains these um uh which basically explains these um uh which basically explains these um uh different agents how they work different agents how they work different agents how they work especially with a focus on the MCP uh especially with a focus on the MCP uh especially with a focus on the MCP uh manager agent tool. Uh this seems to be manager agent tool. Uh this seems to be manager agent tool. Uh this seems to be developed using the super agent which developed using the super agent which developed using the super agent which we're going to look at later in the we're going to look at later in the we're going to look at later in the video. But overall um this agent video. But overall um this agent video. But overall um this agent orchestrator or orchestra is the best orchestrator or orchestra is the best orchestrator or orchestra is the best performing agent on the GA IA benchmark performing agent on the GA IA benchmark performing agent on the GA IA benchmark and also gets u close to and also gets u close to and also gets u close to state-of-the-art results on the human um state-of-the-art results on the human um state-of-the-art results on the human um humanity last exam benchmark. humanity last exam benchmark. humanity last exam benchmark. And again the best part is that all of And again the best part is that all of And again the best part is that all of this is uh built on top of their this is uh built on top of their this is uh built on top of their open-source projects uh and tools which open-source projects uh and tools which open-source projects uh and tools which is pretty awesome. is pretty awesome. is pretty awesome. Also, I just noticed that uh one of the Also, I just noticed that uh one of the Also, I just noticed that uh one of the contributors to this project is Google's contributors to this project is Google's contributors to this project is Google's uh uh Jews, which is pretty neat to see. uh uh Jews, which is pretty neat to see. uh uh Jews, which is pretty neat to see. So, we're seeing actually more and more So, we're seeing actually more and more So, we're seeing actually more and more code being um contributed the by these code being um contributed the by these code being um contributed the by these coding agents or using these coding coding agents or using these coding coding agents or using these coding agents. Okay. So, here are again the results Okay. So, here are again the results Okay. So, here are again the results based on the uh GA benchmark. Now, based on the uh GA benchmark. Now, based on the uh GA benchmark. Now, interestingly enough, um if you look at interestingly enough, um if you look at interestingly enough, um if you look at these results, uh adding MCP u dynamic these results, uh adding MCP u dynamic these results, uh adding MCP u dynamic tool creation does help uh this specific tool creation does help uh this specific tool creation does help uh this specific agent framework. Apart from this, they have also some Apart from this, they have also some Apart from this, they have also some very interesting other open source very interesting other open source very interesting other open source project. For example, this R1 V3 which project. For example, this R1 V3 which project. For example, this R1 V3 which is an open-source multimodel reasoning is an open-source multimodel reasoning is an open-source multimodel reasoning model that is trained with um model that is trained with um model that is trained with um reinforcement fine-tuning reinforcement fine-tuning reinforcement fine-tuning or there's Skye's V2 infinite length uh or there's Skye's V2 infinite length uh or there's Skye's V2 infinite length uh film generative model. They also have their own image They also have their own image They also have their own image generation understanding and editing generation understanding and editing generation understanding and editing model. model. model. Now all of this and more is packaged Now all of this and more is packaged Now all of this and more is packaged together in their new Skywork together in their new Skywork together in their new Skywork uh super agents. So think of this as a uh super agents. So think of this as a uh super agents. So think of this as a competitor to something like Manace or competitor to something like Manace or competitor to something like Manace or Genpark. It can do document creation Genpark. It can do document creation Genpark. It can do document creation based on um search. based on um search. based on um search. So it's able to collect uh user input So it's able to collect uh user input So it's able to collect uh user input and then uh perform web search and and then uh perform web search and and then uh perform web search and create high quality documents for you. create high quality documents for you. create high quality documents for you. During the process, it uses different During the process, it uses different During the process, it uses different MCP tools. Uh for example, it's doing MCP tools. Uh for example, it's doing MCP tools. Uh for example, it's doing web search right now. It's browsing web search right now. It's browsing web search right now. It's browsing those pages, right? So, it's able to use those pages, right? So, it's able to use those pages, right? So, it's able to use these different tools to create very these different tools to create very these different tools to create very appealing documents. appealing documents. appealing documents. It's able to use different tools. So for It's able to use different tools. So for It's able to use different tools. So for example uh here they were um doing or example uh here they were um doing or example uh here they were um doing or calling uh web search and then uh using calling uh web search and then uh using calling uh web search and then uh using the browse tool to read the contents and the browse tool to read the contents and the browse tool to read the contents and on top of that uh it was doing uh on top of that uh it was doing uh on top of that uh it was doing uh information aggregation from those uh information aggregation from those uh information aggregation from those uh web pages. web pages. web pages. So here is the uh final results based on So here is the uh final results based on So here is the uh final results based on that uh it not only performed market uh that uh it not only performed market uh that uh it not only performed market uh search analysis but also created these search analysis but also created these search analysis but also created these different plots which are representative different plots which are representative different plots which are representative of the data that it has seen. of the data that it has seen. of the data that it has seen. So this is definitely a new trend that So this is definitely a new trend that So this is definitely a new trend that we are seeing uh with these agents we are seeing uh with these agents we are seeing uh with these agents because they are being used for document because they are being used for document because they are being used for document and report generation. It can also do data analysis. So, uh it It can also do data analysis. So, uh it It can also do data analysis. So, uh it can look for information then uh create can look for information then uh create can look for information then uh create um sheets for you. Uh or you can provide um sheets for you. Uh or you can provide um sheets for you. Uh or you can provide your own Excel sheets and then updated your own Excel sheets and then updated your own Excel sheets and then updated using uh the agent. So it's able to do using uh the agent. So it's able to do using uh the agent. So it's able to do most of the things that uh something most of the things that uh something most of the things that uh something like uh file creation in cloud or like uh file creation in cloud or like uh file creation in cloud or analysis uh that is going to be analysis uh that is going to be analysis uh that is going to be performed by performed by performed by another use case is uh its ability to another use case is uh its ability to another use case is uh its ability to work with CSV files or create sheets for work with CSV files or create sheets for work with CSV files or create sheets for you. So for example uh you can ask it to you. So for example uh you can ask it to you. So for example uh you can ask it to uh do web search and collect data in the uh do web search and collect data in the uh do web search and collect data in the form of Excel sheets or you can provide form of Excel sheets or you can provide form of Excel sheets or you can provide your own data. So in this example uh it your own data. So in this example uh it your own data. So in this example uh it collected some data from the internet collected some data from the internet collected some data from the internet and then you can see that uh the agent and then you can see that uh the agent and then you can see that uh the agent is able to create uh plots uh also does is able to create uh plots uh also does is able to create uh plots uh also does [clears throat] some uh sales analysis [clears throat] some uh sales analysis [clears throat] some uh sales analysis year-over-year comparison uh and I can year-over-year comparison uh and I can year-over-year comparison uh and I can also look at quarterly trends right so also look at quarterly trends right so also look at quarterly trends right so it's a very powerful agentic system it's a very powerful agentic system it's a very powerful agentic system because it not only has access to just a because it not only has access to just a because it not only has access to just a deep researcher tool but also has these deep researcher tool but also has these deep researcher tool but also has these other tools like Python code interpreter other tools like Python code interpreter other tools like Python code interpreter where it can actually perform analysis where it can actually perform analysis where it can actually perform analysis for you. It also has a tool uh for for you. It also has a tool uh for for you. It also has a tool uh for building websites. So think about this building websites. So think about this building websites. So think about this as uh computator to loable right. So as uh computator to loable right. So as uh computator to loable right. So based on your requirement, it does uh based on your requirement, it does uh based on your requirement, it does uh web search collects data from different web search collects data from different web search collects data from different websites and then it can render those in websites and then it can render those in websites and then it can render those in the form of a pretty decent looking web the form of a pretty decent looking web the form of a pretty decent looking web pages. pages. pages. So in this case, here's the final output So in this case, here's the final output So in this case, here's the final output uh that it um created. Uh really uh that it um created. Uh really uh that it um created. Uh really functional. It has all the features that functional. It has all the features that functional. It has all the features that um we wanted and also um it collected um we wanted and also um it collected um we wanted and also um it collected all of this data using this deep all of this data using this deep all of this data using this deep research tool. research tool. research tool. One interesting demo that they have is One interesting demo that they have is One interesting demo that they have is uh the models or agents ability to um uh the models or agents ability to um uh the models or agents ability to um look at YouTube videos and then create look at YouTube videos and then create look at YouTube videos and then create uh tutorials based on that. uh tutorials based on that. uh tutorials based on that. So for example, here's a a lecture So for example, here's a a lecture So for example, here's a a lecture lecture from one of the MIT courses lecture from one of the MIT courses lecture from one of the MIT courses and here uh the agent is creating and here uh the agent is creating and here uh the agent is creating um a really interesting mind map of all um a really interesting mind map of all um a really interesting mind map of all the topics that are being discussed. Now the topics that are being discussed. Now the topics that are being discussed. Now this uh type of functionality is this uh type of functionality is this uh type of functionality is available natively within Gemini uh 2.5 available natively within Gemini uh 2.5 available natively within Gemini uh 2.5 Pro or Gemini Flush. But here you have a Pro or Gemini Flush. But here you have a Pro or Gemini Flush. But here you have a single agent that can do a lot of single agent that can do a lot of single agent that can do a lot of different things. And again, this is different things. And again, this is different things. And again, this is built on top of the deep agent built on top of the deep agent built on top of the deep agent architecture that we looked at it architecture that we looked at it architecture that we looked at it before. before. before. They also just opened up their uh API. They also just opened up their uh API. They also just opened up their uh API. So, you can do all of these things So, you can do all of these things So, you can do all of these things through their API, which is going to be through their API, which is going to be through their API, which is going to be pretty neat. pretty neat. pretty neat. They're also opening up their API. So, They're also opening up their API. So, They're also opening up their API. So, you'll be able to do some of these you'll be able to do some of these you'll be able to do some of these things through the API. So, for example, things through the API. So, for example, things through the API. So, for example, you can ask the agent to create you can ask the agent to create you can ask the agent to create documents for you uh through the API. So documents for you uh through the API. So documents for you uh through the API. So if you want to build uh something on top if you want to build uh something on top if you want to build uh something on top of this, this is I think a really good of this, this is I think a really good of this, this is I think a really good option. You do get some free credits um to test You do get some free credits um to test You do get some free credits um to test this out. Uh but then they have this out. Uh but then they have this out. Uh but then they have different packages based on your needs. So do check them out and I personally So do check them out and I personally So do check them out and I personally really like their approach of building really like their approach of building really like their approach of building on top of their open-source work and on top of their open-source work and on top of their open-source work and sharing their research as well as models sharing their research as well as models sharing their research as well as models with the community. So do let me know with the community. So do let me know with the community. So do let me know what you think. Anyways, I hope you what you think. Anyways, I hope you what you think. Anyways, I hope you found this video useful. Thanks for found this video useful. Thanks for found this video useful. Thanks for watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the watching and as always, see you in the next one.
