Title: This AI Agent Just Wrote a Book in 60 Seconds
Channel: Matt Wolfe
======================================================================

an entire book called Barry Solder and an entire book called Barry Solder and an entire book called Barry Solder and the Magician's Rock, all about child the Magician's Rock, all about child the Magician's Rock, all about child wizards. Let's build an AI agent to wizards. Let's build an AI agent to wizards. Let's build an AI agent to write an entire book from scratch. Now, write an entire book from scratch. Now, write an entire book from scratch. Now, I'm not talking about a short report or I'm not talking about a short report or I'm not talking about a short report or like a children's book. I'm talking like a children's book. I'm talking like a children's book. I'm talking about an entire novel from start to about an entire novel from start to about an entire novel from start to finish in any genre that you can finish in any genre that you can finish in any genre that you can imagine. By the end of this video, we'll imagine. By the end of this video, we'll imagine. By the end of this video, we'll have an entire book that's 10 chapters have an entire book that's 10 chapters have an entire book that's 10 chapters long, has an entire story arc from start long, has an entire story arc from start long, has an entire story arc from start to finish, and is hopefully actually to finish, and is hopefully actually to finish, and is hopefully actually enjoyable to read. enjoyable to read. enjoyable to read. You simply input a book title and a You simply input a book title and a You simply input a book title and a genre, and it completely does everything genre, and it completely does everything genre, and it completely does everything else for you. To do this, we're going to else for you. To do this, we're going to else for you. To do this, we're going to use an automation tool called Mind use an automation tool called Mind use an automation tool called Mind Studio, the sponsor of today's video. Studio, the sponsor of today's video. Studio, the sponsor of today's video. Now, before we totally dive into the Now, before we totally dive into the Now, before we totally dive into the step-by-step process of how to build step-by-step process of how to build step-by-step process of how to build this thing, I do want to make a quick this thing, I do want to make a quick this thing, I do want to make a quick disclaimer. I don't actually think disclaimer. I don't actually think disclaimer. I don't actually think people should completely write books people should completely write books people should completely write books this way. If anything, you can use this way. If anything, you can use this way. If anything, you can use something like this to create the first something like this to create the first something like this to create the first draft, and then you should probably read draft, and then you should probably read draft, and then you should probably read through it and add your own human touch through it and add your own human touch through it and add your own human touch to it. But I still think there's to it. But I still think there's to it. But I still think there's something kind of special about a book something kind of special about a book something kind of special about a book that we know a human poured their heart that we know a human poured their heart that we know a human poured their heart and soul into. I don't know if we'll and soul into. I don't know if we'll and soul into. I don't know if we'll feel that same love from a book that we feel that same love from a book that we feel that same love from a book that we know AI wrote for us, at least not for a know AI wrote for us, at least not for a know AI wrote for us, at least not for a while. So, this video is designed to while. So, this video is designed to while. So, this video is designed to demonstrate what an AI agent workflow demonstrate what an AI agent workflow demonstrate what an AI agent workflow could be and to ideally get your wheels could be and to ideally get your wheels could be and to ideally get your wheels spinning on what you can create yourself spinning on what you can create yourself spinning on what you can create yourself with this technology. It's not meant to with this technology. It's not meant to with this technology. It's not meant to be a tutorial on how to put AI slot be a tutorial on how to put AI slot be a tutorial on how to put AI slot books out into the world. So, like I books out into the world. So, like I books out into the world. So, like I mentioned, we're going to use Mind mentioned, we're going to use Mind mentioned, we're going to use Mind Studio to build this. If you're not Studio to build this. If you're not Studio to build this. If you're not familiar with Mind Studio, it's this AI familiar with Mind Studio, it's this AI familiar with Mind Studio, it's this AI automation workflow with like these automation workflow with like these automation workflow with like these nodes, and each of these nodes could nodes, and each of these nodes could nodes, and each of these nodes could connect to like a different AI model. connect to like a different AI model. connect to like a different AI model. So, you can have a node where somebody So, you can have a node where somebody So, you can have a node where somebody inputs some text, and then the next node inputs some text, and then the next node inputs some text, and then the next node goes and talks to Perplexity and has goes and talks to Perplexity and has goes and talks to Perplexity and has Perplexity give information based on the Perplexity give information based on the Perplexity give information based on the earlier inputed text, and then it could earlier inputed text, and then it could earlier inputed text, and then it could go to another node and use GPT5, and go to another node and use GPT5, and go to another node and use GPT5, and then another node and use clot if you then another node and use clot if you then another node and use clot if you want. So, it's a really cool way to want. So, it's a really cool way to want. So, it's a really cool way to build this sort of linear workflow that build this sort of linear workflow that build this sort of linear workflow that could branch off into different areas could branch off into different areas could branch off into different areas and every step in the workflow could and every step in the workflow could and every step in the workflow could sort of tap a different AI model. I'm sort of tap a different AI model. I'm sort of tap a different AI model. I'm going to head over to mine studio.ai going to head over to mine studio.ai going to head over to mine studio.ai here. I'm going to click on my here. I'm going to click on my here. I'm going to click on my workspace. I'm already logged in here. workspace. I'm already logged in here. workspace. I'm already logged in here. If you don't have an account, go ahead If you don't have an account, go ahead If you don't have an account, go ahead and uh create one and log in. And I'm and uh create one and log in. And I'm and uh create one and log in. And I'm going to build a new agent. When we get going to build a new agent. When we get going to build a new agent. When we get in here, we can see that we basically in here, we can see that we basically in here, we can see that we basically just have a start node and an end node. just have a start node and an end node. just have a start node and an end node. There's really nothing in between yet. There's really nothing in between yet. There's really nothing in between yet. What we need to do to build out this What we need to do to build out this What we need to do to build out this automation is start adding all of our automation is start adding all of our automation is start adding all of our little nodes in between. I'm going to little nodes in between. I'm going to little nodes in between. I'm going to actually delete the end node for now and actually delete the end node for now and actually delete the end node for now and we'll add it back in later. But we do we'll add it back in later. But we do we'll add it back in later. But we do need to collect some text input. I want need to collect some text input. I want need to collect some text input. I want the user to give a title and a genre for the user to give a title and a genre for the user to give a title and a genre for what this book is going to be about. And what this book is going to be about. And what this book is going to be about. And then also an optional description. We're then also an optional description. We're then also an optional description. We're going to use some logic. So if they going to use some logic. So if they going to use some logic. So if they leave the description blank, AI will leave the description blank, AI will leave the description blank, AI will write a description of the book for write a description of the book for write a description of the book for them. And if they write their own them. And if they write their own them. And if they write their own description, then it will use the description, then it will use the description, then it will use the description they wrote to sort of write description they wrote to sort of write description they wrote to sort of write the book for them. We're going to go the book for them. We're going to go the book for them. We're going to go ahead and rightclick new block. And ahead and rightclick new block. And ahead and rightclick new block. And we'll start with a user input block we'll start with a user input block we'll start with a user input block here. Once we add this user input block, here. Once we add this user input block, here. Once we add this user input block, we can start to add some user inputs. I we can start to add some user inputs. I we can start to add some user inputs. I will click on this little plus here. And will click on this little plus here. And will click on this little plus here. And we will create a new user input. Our we will create a new user input. Our we will create a new user input. Our first user input is going to be the book first user input is going to be the book first user input is going to be the book title. So I'll select short text for the title. So I'll select short text for the title. So I'll select short text for the type. the variable. This is sort of the type. the variable. This is sort of the type. the variable. This is sort of the little code you're going to call upon little code you're going to call upon little code you're going to call upon later to pull in this text that they later to pull in this text that they later to pull in this text that they entered. I'm going to call this book entered. I'm going to call this book entered. I'm going to call this book title for label text. This is what title for label text. This is what title for label text. This is what they're going to see above the text box. they're going to see above the text box. they're going to see above the text box. So, we'll just put book title here as So, we'll just put book title here as So, we'll just put book title here as well. And then everything else we can well. And then everything else we can well. And then everything else we can pretty much leave. So, now I'm going to pretty much leave. So, now I'm going to pretty much leave. So, now I'm going to come back to my main flow here. Click on come back to my main flow here. Click on come back to my main flow here. Click on user input again. And we can see we have user input again. And we can see we have user input again. And we can see we have the book title user input. Now, I want the book title user input. Now, I want the book title user input. Now, I want them to enter a genre. So, I'm going to them to enter a genre. So, I'm going to them to enter a genre. So, I'm going to click plus, create new short text click plus, create new short text click plus, create new short text variable, book genre. You'll see what we variable, book genre. You'll see what we variable, book genre. You'll see what we do with these variables in just a do with these variables in just a do with these variables in just a minute, so don't get too hung up on this minute, so don't get too hung up on this minute, so don't get too hung up on this yet. And then for our label text, once yet. And then for our label text, once yet. And then for our label text, once again, we'll put book genre. And I want again, we'll put book genre. And I want again, we'll put book genre. And I want to leave this as a short text field. If to leave this as a short text field. If to leave this as a short text field. If I wanted, I could use a drop down and I wanted, I could use a drop down and I wanted, I could use a drop down and have them select a genre, but I want it have them select a genre, but I want it have them select a genre, but I want it to be sort of open-ended. If somebody to be sort of open-ended. If somebody to be sort of open-ended. If somebody wants to put like horror, sci-fi, they wants to put like horror, sci-fi, they wants to put like horror, sci-fi, they can, right? If you want to put a sort of can, right? If you want to put a sort of can, right? If you want to put a sort of blend of genres, I want you to be able blend of genres, I want you to be able blend of genres, I want you to be able to type that in instead of being limited to type that in instead of being limited to type that in instead of being limited to just a drop-down of genres. I'll come to just a drop-down of genres. I'll come to just a drop-down of genres. I'll come back to our main flow. You can see we've back to our main flow. You can see we've back to our main flow. You can see we've got our book title, our book genre. Both got our book title, our book genre. Both got our book title, our book genre. Both are set as required because we will want are set as required because we will want are set as required because we will want both of those to generate everything. both of those to generate everything. both of those to generate everything. And then the final thing we'll do is a And then the final thing we'll do is a And then the final thing we'll do is a book description. And this one I will book description. And this one I will book description. And this one I will leave as long text so that they can type leave as long text so that they can type leave as long text so that they can type as much as they want into the book as much as they want into the book as much as they want into the book description variable. We'll call it book description variable. We'll call it book description variable. We'll call it book description. And then label text book description. And then label text book description. And then label text book description. All right. Now, we go back description. All right. Now, we go back description. All right. Now, we go back to our main flow. And I actually don't to our main flow. And I actually don't to our main flow. And I actually don't want the book description to be want the book description to be want the book description to be required. So, I'm going to make this required. So, I'm going to make this required. So, I'm going to make this optional. That way, if you leave it optional. That way, if you leave it optional. That way, if you leave it blank, we're going to make AI write the blank, we're going to make AI write the blank, we're going to make AI write the description for you. So, now we'll go description for you. So, now we'll go description for you. So, now we'll go ahead and connect our nodes. All I have ahead and connect our nodes. All I have ahead and connect our nodes. All I have to do is click on one of these dots to do is click on one of these dots to do is click on one of these dots here, drag it to the other node. Now, here, drag it to the other node. Now, here, drag it to the other node. Now, these nodes are connected. So, this will these nodes are connected. So, this will these nodes are connected. So, this will be the first step in our workflow. If I be the first step in our workflow. If I be the first step in our workflow. If I click on publish here at the top, I can click on publish here at the top, I can click on publish here at the top, I can open my AI agent. And we can see that we open my AI agent. And we can see that we open my AI agent. And we can see that we have a simple form that it created for have a simple form that it created for have a simple form that it created for us. book title, book genre, book us. book title, book genre, book us. book title, book genre, book description. Let's put the title Matt's description. Let's put the title Matt's description. Let's put the title Matt's book, book genre. Fun. And I'll click book, book genre. Fun. And I'll click book, book genre. Fun. And I'll click next. And our workflow just ends because next. And our workflow just ends because next. And our workflow just ends because we haven't put any other steps in after we haven't put any other steps in after we haven't put any other steps in after that. Now, I want to make it so if they that. Now, I want to make it so if they that. Now, I want to make it so if they don't enter a description into the book, don't enter a description into the book, don't enter a description into the book, then AI will write the description for then AI will write the description for then AI will write the description for them. I'm going to rightclick, new them. I'm going to rightclick, new them. I'm going to rightclick, new block, and for this one, we're going to block, and for this one, we're going to block, and for this one, we're going to generate text. So, we have our generate generate text. So, we have our generate generate text. So, we have our generate text node here. And then we can enter a text node here. And then we can enter a text node here. And then we can enter a prompt right here. And this prompt you prompt right here. And this prompt you prompt right here. And this prompt you can enter just like you would enter into can enter just like you would enter into can enter just like you would enter into any other large language model like chat any other large language model like chat any other large language model like chat GPT or whatever. You can also select GPT or whatever. You can also select GPT or whatever. You can also select from any model you want. So check this from any model you want. So check this from any model you want. So check this out. If I open up the models, they out. If I open up the models, they out. If I open up the models, they pretty much have like every large pretty much have like every large pretty much have like every large language model you could possibly want language model you could possibly want language model you could possibly want to use. But right now for what we're to use. But right now for what we're to use. But right now for what we're doing when it comes to writing, I think doing when it comes to writing, I think doing when it comes to writing, I think I'm going to stick with GPT5. So we'll I'm going to stick with GPT5. So we'll I'm going to stick with GPT5. So we'll come to OpenAI down here and we will come to OpenAI down here and we will come to OpenAI down here and we will select GPT5 as the model that we're select GPT5 as the model that we're select GPT5 as the model that we're going to use. And then we're going to going to use. And then we're going to going to use. And then we're going to write our prompt. And for this, we want write our prompt. And for this, we want write our prompt. And for this, we want it to write a description of what this it to write a description of what this it to write a description of what this book's going to be about. So we'll go book's going to be about. So we'll go book's going to be about. So we'll go ahead and put write a book description ahead and put write a book description ahead and put write a book description for a book called. And this is where for a book called. And this is where for a book called. And this is where we're going to call upon those variables we're going to call upon those variables we're going to call upon those variables that we created earlier. So if I do the that we created earlier. So if I do the that we created earlier. So if I do the little curly brackets and I do two of little curly brackets and I do two of little curly brackets and I do two of them like this, it will actually show them like this, it will actually show them like this, it will actually show the variables that we had somebody fill the variables that we had somebody fill the variables that we had somebody fill in in that input earlier. Write a book in in that input earlier. Write a book in in that input earlier. Write a book description for a book called book description for a book called book description for a book called book title. And we'll pull that in. And then title. And we'll pull that in. And then title. And we'll pull that in. And then we also want it to pull in the genre. we also want it to pull in the genre. we also want it to pull in the genre. So, we'll put in the genre of and I'll So, we'll put in the genre of and I'll So, we'll put in the genre of and I'll put two curly brackets and we'll pull in put two curly brackets and we'll pull in put two curly brackets and we'll pull in book genre. I do want to give it a book genre. I do want to give it a book genre. I do want to give it a little bit of a guardrail. I don't want little bit of a guardrail. I don't want little bit of a guardrail. I don't want it to go too long on the description. it to go too long on the description. it to go too long on the description. So, we'll just say make the description So, we'll just say make the description So, we'll just say make the description three paragraphs long. And this is the three paragraphs long. And this is the three paragraphs long. And this is the prompt we're going to send a GPT5 after prompt we're going to send a GPT5 after prompt we're going to send a GPT5 after somebody uses this input form. Now, I somebody uses this input form. Now, I somebody uses this input form. Now, I don't want it to display the description don't want it to display the description don't want it to display the description to me. I actually want this description to me. I actually want this description to me. I actually want this description to go on to the next step where it to go on to the next step where it to go on to the next step where it actually starts to write the book. So actually starts to write the book. So actually starts to write the book. So for the output behavior here, instead of for the output behavior here, instead of for the output behavior here, instead of displaying it back to me, I want it to displaying it back to me, I want it to displaying it back to me, I want it to save to a variable. And this will be save to a variable. And this will be save to a variable. And this will be another variable that we can call just another variable that we can call just another variable that we can call just like we called on these variables like we called on these variables like we called on these variables earlier. So we'll go ahead and call this earlier. So we'll go ahead and call this earlier. So we'll go ahead and call this book description. So now that we've got book description. So now that we've got book description. So now that we've got this variable created where it will this variable created where it will this variable created where it will generate a book description if we don't generate a book description if we don't generate a book description if we don't have one, we need to tell our little have one, we need to tell our little have one, we need to tell our little tool here when to use that and when not tool here when to use that and when not tool here when to use that and when not to. I'm not going to connect this node to. I'm not going to connect this node to. I'm not going to connect this node yet. I'm going to add a new block here. yet. I'm going to add a new block here. yet. I'm going to add a new block here. We're going to come to view all blocks We're going to come to view all blocks We're going to come to view all blocks and then I'm going to use the logic and then I'm going to use the logic and then I'm going to use the logic block here. So we'll pull in the logic block here. So we'll pull in the logic block here. So we'll pull in the logic block right after the user input block. block right after the user input block. block right after the user input block. We'll connect the logic block here. And We'll connect the logic block here. And We'll connect the logic block here. And then here you basically just describe then here you basically just describe then here you basically just describe what you want to happen. There's no what you want to happen. There's no what you want to happen. There's no coding, no extra crazy stuff here. You coding, no extra crazy stuff here. You coding, no extra crazy stuff here. You just tell it what you want. For the just tell it what you want. For the just tell it what you want. For the context, we're going to tell it to look context, we're going to tell it to look context, we're going to tell it to look at book description. So we're telling it at book description. So we're telling it at book description. So we're telling it to look at the user input a book to look at the user input a book to look at the user input a book description and decide if it's blank or description and decide if it's blank or description and decide if it's blank or has a description already. So we're has a description already. So we're has a description already. So we're basically telling it what this logic basically telling it what this logic basically telling it what this logic block is going to do. And then condition block is going to do. And then condition block is going to do. And then condition one is book description is left blank one is book description is left blank one is book description is left blank and then it says select destination. So and then it says select destination. So and then it says select destination. So if the book description is left blank, if the book description is left blank, if the book description is left blank, we'll select our destination. We'll we'll select our destination. We'll we'll select our destination. We'll select generate text. So now if that select generate text. So now if that select generate text. So now if that book description was left blank. The book description was left blank. The book description was left blank. The logic will see oh it was left blank. We logic will see oh it was left blank. We logic will see oh it was left blank. We need to send it to the generate text box need to send it to the generate text box need to send it to the generate text box and write a description for it. For our and write a description for it. For our and write a description for it. For our second condition down here, we'll go second condition down here, we'll go second condition down here, we'll go ahead and put there is already a written ahead and put there is already a written ahead and put there is already a written description for book description. If you description for book description. If you description for book description. If you entered a description here, it will go entered a description here, it will go entered a description here, it will go on to condition two, but we don't have on to condition two, but we don't have on to condition two, but we don't have anywhere for it to go yet. So the next anywhere for it to go yet. So the next anywhere for it to go yet. So the next thing I want this to do is I wanted to thing I want this to do is I wanted to thing I want this to do is I wanted to write a table of contents for our book write a table of contents for our book write a table of contents for our book based on our either description that the based on our either description that the based on our either description that the user input or the one that was generated user input or the one that was generated user input or the one that was generated here. So, we'll go ahead and click new here. So, we'll go ahead and click new here. So, we'll go ahead and click new block. Generate text. I'm going to use block. Generate text. I'm going to use block. Generate text. I'm going to use GPT5 again for this one. And I'm going GPT5 again for this one. And I'm going GPT5 again for this one. And I'm going to give it this prompt. Come up with 10 to give it this prompt. Come up with 10 to give it this prompt. Come up with 10 chapters for the book titled. And then chapters for the book titled. And then chapters for the book titled. And then we pull in the book title in the genre we pull in the book title in the genre we pull in the book title in the genre of book genre. Here's the description. of book genre. Here's the description. of book genre. Here's the description. The description that was either The description that was either The description that was either generated here or the user input. The generated here or the user input. The generated here or the user input. The output should just be a list of 10 output should just be a list of 10 output should just be a list of 10 chapters with their number. And then chapters with their number. And then chapters with their number. And then here's an example of what I want the here's an example of what I want the here's an example of what I want the output to look like. And then for output output to look like. And then for output output to look like. And then for output behavior, once again, we want to save it behavior, once again, we want to save it behavior, once again, we want to save it to a variable cuz I want it to pass the to a variable cuz I want it to pass the to a variable cuz I want it to pass the chapters to the next step. I don't want chapters to the next step. I don't want chapters to the next step. I don't want it to display to me yet. And for our it to display to me yet. And for our it to display to me yet. And for our variable name, we'll just call it book variable name, we'll just call it book variable name, we'll just call it book TOC for table of contents. Then we can TOC for table of contents. Then we can TOC for table of contents. Then we can go ahead and connect our node here. So go ahead and connect our node here. So go ahead and connect our node here. So once it writes a description, it comes once it writes a description, it comes once it writes a description, it comes down here and writes us a table of down here and writes us a table of down here and writes us a table of contents based on the book description. contents based on the book description. contents based on the book description. And then we'll go back to our logic And then we'll go back to our logic And then we'll go back to our logic block. And if there is already a book block. And if there is already a book block. And if there is already a book description written in the user input, description written in the user input, description written in the user input, we'll go ahead and just go right here we'll go ahead and just go right here we'll go ahead and just go right here and bypass our AI generated book and bypass our AI generated book and bypass our AI generated book description. I'm going to use a lot of description. I'm going to use a lot of description. I'm going to use a lot of generate text blocks. So just to keep it generate text blocks. So just to keep it generate text blocks. So just to keep it simple in my mind, I'm going to rename simple in my mind, I'm going to rename simple in my mind, I'm going to rename them as I go. So if I right click here, them as I go. So if I right click here, them as I go. So if I right click here, click rename. I'll call this one click rename. I'll call this one click rename. I'll call this one generate TOC. And I will rename this one generate TOC. And I will rename this one generate TOC. And I will rename this one generate description. So now we know generate description. So now we know generate description. So now we know what each node does if we're just what each node does if we're just what each node does if we're just looking at this page at a glance. And looking at this page at a glance. And looking at this page at a glance. And one thing I like to do at this point is one thing I like to do at this point is one thing I like to do at this point is sort of pause and make sure things are sort of pause and make sure things are sort of pause and make sure things are working. So I will create a new block working. So I will create a new block working. So I will create a new block here and then do display content. here and then do display content. here and then do display content. Connect our last node to our display Connect our last node to our display Connect our last node to our display content. And then in the actual message, content. And then in the actual message, content. And then in the actual message, I will just put book title like that. I will just put book title like that. I will just put book title like that. I'm putting the hashtag so it sort of I'm putting the hashtag so it sort of I'm putting the hashtag so it sort of bolds it and makes it like a header. bolds it and makes it like a header. bolds it and makes it like a header. We'll put table of contents. And then We'll put table of contents. And then We'll put table of contents. And then we'll pull in the table of contents that we'll pull in the table of contents that we'll pull in the table of contents that it just generated. Book TOC was the it just generated. Book TOC was the it just generated. Book TOC was the variable we used. And then we'll just go variable we used. And then we'll just go variable we used. And then we'll just go ahead and pull in the description as ahead and pull in the description as ahead and pull in the description as well. So we can read the description if well. So we can read the description if well. So we can read the description if an AI generated one. And we'll go ahead an AI generated one. And we'll go ahead an AI generated one. And we'll go ahead and put book description like that. And and put book description like that. And and put book description like that. And this one I will do display to user. this one I will do display to user. this one I will do display to user. We're going to actually delete this We're going to actually delete this We're going to actually delete this node. We're just kind of checking that node. We're just kind of checking that node. We're just kind of checking that everything's working. So, I'll click everything's working. So, I'll click everything's working. So, I'll click publish. We'll go ahead and open the publish. We'll go ahead and open the publish. We'll go ahead and open the agent here. And now I'll put book title, agent here. And now I'll put book title, agent here. And now I'll put book title, The Wolf in the Woods. Book genre, The Wolf in the Woods. Book genre, The Wolf in the Woods. Book genre, fantasy, sci-fi. And then we'll leave fantasy, sci-fi. And then we'll leave fantasy, sci-fi. And then we'll leave the book description blank because we'll the book description blank because we'll the book description blank because we'll let AI generate it. So, I'll click next. let AI generate it. So, I'll click next. let AI generate it. So, I'll click next. And it's just going to go off and do the And it's just going to go off and do the And it's just going to go off and do the work. And we'll actually see right now work. And we'll actually see right now work. And we'll actually see right now it's already on the generate description it's already on the generate description it's already on the generate description step. It used the logic to realize that step. It used the logic to realize that step. It used the logic to realize that it didn't have a description. Now, it's it didn't have a description. Now, it's it didn't have a description. Now, it's moved on to the table of contents step. moved on to the table of contents step. moved on to the table of contents step. So, it's generating a table of contents So, it's generating a table of contents So, it's generating a table of contents based on everything we gave it. And then based on everything we gave it. And then based on everything we gave it. And then it sends us to a page with the title, it sends us to a page with the title, it sends us to a page with the title, The Wolf in the Woods. It did give us a The Wolf in the Woods. It did give us a The Wolf in the Woods. It did give us a table of contents. It didn't format it table of contents. It didn't format it table of contents. It didn't format it exactly the way I wanted, but that's exactly the way I wanted, but that's exactly the way I wanted, but that's okay cuz we're actually passing it as a okay cuz we're actually passing it as a okay cuz we're actually passing it as a variable where we don't actually have to variable where we don't actually have to variable where we don't actually have to see it like this, but you can see the see it like this, but you can see the see it like this, but you can see the ragged edge of Thornwood is chapter 1. ragged edge of Thornwood is chapter 1. ragged edge of Thornwood is chapter 1. Chapter 2, Trail of Drowned Chapter 2, Trail of Drowned Chapter 2, Trail of Drowned Constellations, etc. And then we have Constellations, etc. And then we have Constellations, etc. And then we have our book description here. So, we know our book description here. So, we know our book description here. So, we know everything is working so far. Let's do everything is working so far. Let's do everything is working so far. Let's do one last test and actually give it a one last test and actually give it a one last test and actually give it a description. So this time I'm going to description. So this time I'm going to description. So this time I'm going to do book title Charlie's War and then do book title Charlie's War and then do book title Charlie's War and then we'll call it action war. And then for we'll call it action war. And then for we'll call it action war. And then for the description I'm just going to put a the description I'm just going to put a the description I'm just going to put a guy named Charlie is going off to war guy named Charlie is going off to war guy named Charlie is going off to war and he's ready for battle. I just want and he's ready for battle. I just want and he's ready for battle. I just want to check that the logic does the right to check that the logic does the right to check that the logic does the right thing. So, if I click next, we'll see, thing. So, if I click next, we'll see, thing. So, if I click next, we'll see, look, it skipped the generate look, it skipped the generate look, it skipped the generate description and went straight to description and went straight to description and went straight to generating a table of contents because generating a table of contents because generating a table of contents because it saw there was a description already. it saw there was a description already. it saw there was a description already. Perfect. And then here's our Perfect. And then here's our Perfect. And then here's our description. Charlie's War, the table of description. Charlie's War, the table of description. Charlie's War, the table of contents it generated, and then the contents it generated, and then the contents it generated, and then the description we originally wrote in. description we originally wrote in. description we originally wrote in. Everything's working great so far. Let's Everything's working great so far. Let's Everything's working great so far. Let's go ahead and delete this display content go ahead and delete this display content go ahead and delete this display content module. That was just a test to make module. That was just a test to make module. That was just a test to make sure everything was working. Now, what I sure everything was working. Now, what I sure everything was working. Now, what I want it to do is because we've got a want it to do is because we've got a want it to do is because we've got a table of contents, I want it to write table of contents, I want it to write table of contents, I want it to write the whole story. But I don't want, you the whole story. But I don't want, you the whole story. But I don't want, you know, a whole 70,000word book yet. I know, a whole 70,000word book yet. I know, a whole 70,000word book yet. I just want it to write a description of just want it to write a description of just want it to write a description of every single chapter so that when we go every single chapter so that when we go every single chapter so that when we go back through and write it chapter by back through and write it chapter by back through and write it chapter by chapter, it knows the full story arc. chapter, it knows the full story arc. chapter, it knows the full story arc. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a new So, I'm going to go ahead and do a new So, I'm going to go ahead and do a new block, generate text. I'll rename this block, generate text. I'll rename this block, generate text. I'll rename this generate story arc. And then over here generate story arc. And then over here generate story arc. And then over here in the prompt, I'm using the prompt I'm in the prompt, I'm using the prompt I'm in the prompt, I'm using the prompt I'm writing a book called and then our book writing a book called and then our book writing a book called and then our book title in the book genre genre. Here is title in the book genre genre. Here is title in the book genre genre. Here is the description of the book. Here are the description of the book. Here are the description of the book. Here are the chapters and their titles. So, I'm the chapters and their titles. So, I'm the chapters and their titles. So, I'm feeding it back the table of contents feeding it back the table of contents feeding it back the table of contents that we just created. Please write a that we just created. Please write a that we just created. Please write a description for each chapter. Be description for each chapter. Be description for each chapter. Be thorough with the description of each thorough with the description of each thorough with the description of each chapter. Include character names, chapter. Include character names, chapter. Include character names, locations, and what happens in each locations, and what happens in each locations, and what happens in each chapter. It should fully form into a chapter. It should fully form into a chapter. It should fully form into a complete story that has a clear complete story that has a clear complete story that has a clear beginning, middle, and end. You should beginning, middle, and end. You should beginning, middle, and end. You should be able to understand the whole story be able to understand the whole story be able to understand the whole story and how each chapter connects to the and how each chapter connects to the and how each chapter connects to the next by reading each chapter next by reading each chapter next by reading each chapter description. And each chapter should description. And each chapter should description. And each chapter should flow into the next. And then I give it a flow into the next. And then I give it a flow into the next. And then I give it a little description of what I want the little description of what I want the little description of what I want the output to look like. Each chapter output to look like. Each chapter output to look like. Each chapter description should be on a new line. I description should be on a new line. I description should be on a new line. I want it to understand the entire story, want it to understand the entire story, want it to understand the entire story, the characters, locations they're in, the characters, locations they're in, the characters, locations they're in, and all of the plot points of the story and all of the plot points of the story and all of the plot points of the story by reading the chapter descriptions. The by reading the chapter descriptions. The by reading the chapter descriptions. The idea here is that we build out all 10 idea here is that we build out all 10 idea here is that we build out all 10 chapters and a synopsis of all 10 chapters and a synopsis of all 10 chapters and a synopsis of all 10 chapters. And then when I have it write chapters. And then when I have it write chapters. And then when I have it write chapter 1, it knows the whole story arc chapter 1, it knows the whole story arc chapter 1, it knows the whole story arc as it's writing chapter 1. And then as as it's writing chapter 1. And then as as it's writing chapter 1. And then as it writes chapter 2, it knows the whole it writes chapter 2, it knows the whole it writes chapter 2, it knows the whole story arc. So as it's writing each story arc. So as it's writing each story arc. So as it's writing each chapter, it knows where the whole story chapter, it knows where the whole story chapter, it knows where the whole story came from and where it's going. Output came from and where it's going. Output came from and where it's going. Output behavior, save it to a variable. We'll behavior, save it to a variable. We'll behavior, save it to a variable. We'll call this chapter descriptions. And then call this chapter descriptions. And then call this chapter descriptions. And then I'm going to use GPT5. We'll connect I'm going to use GPT5. We'll connect I'm going to use GPT5. We'll connect this. And so now after it writes the this. And so now after it writes the this. And so now after it writes the table of contents, it's going to go on table of contents, it's going to go on table of contents, it's going to go on to basically write the whole story arc to basically write the whole story arc to basically write the whole story arc based on everything we've put in so far. based on everything we've put in so far. based on everything we've put in so far. Title, genre, description, and table of Title, genre, description, and table of Title, genre, description, and table of contents. Once it's got the whole story contents. Once it's got the whole story contents. Once it's got the whole story arc, then we're going to have it start arc, then we're going to have it start arc, then we're going to have it start writing every single chapter one by one. writing every single chapter one by one. writing every single chapter one by one. And we want this to be a big book. Like And we want this to be a big book. Like And we want this to be a big book. Like I want it to be a 200page like novel I want it to be a 200page like novel I want it to be a 200page like novel type book. So I'm going to go ahead and type book. So I'm going to go ahead and type book. So I'm going to go ahead and put new block here. We're going to put new block here. We're going to put new block here. We're going to generate text and I'm going to rename generate text and I'm going to rename generate text and I'm going to rename this one chapter 1. And then for the this one chapter 1. And then for the this one chapter 1. And then for the prompt of chapter 1, I'm going to give prompt of chapter 1, I'm going to give prompt of chapter 1, I'm going to give it this description. We're writing a it this description. We're writing a it this description. We're writing a book called book title in the book genre book called book title in the book genre book called book title in the book genre genre. Here are the chapters and the genre. Here are the chapters and the genre. Here are the chapters and the description of each chapter. So I just description of each chapter. So I just description of each chapter. So I just pulled in the chapter descriptions that pulled in the chapter descriptions that pulled in the chapter descriptions that we created here. I don't need to pull in we created here. I don't need to pull in we created here. I don't need to pull in the full table of contents again because the full table of contents again because the full table of contents again because it's also going to be worked into the it's also going to be worked into the it's also going to be worked into the chapter descriptions. And then I put chapter descriptions. And then I put chapter descriptions. And then I put write chapter 1 in its entirety. The write chapter 1 in its entirety. The write chapter 1 in its entirety. The chapter should be a minimum of 2,000 chapter should be a minimum of 2,000 chapter should be a minimum of 2,000 words and no longer than 5,000 words. words and no longer than 5,000 words. words and no longer than 5,000 words. Ensure the book is formatted properly Ensure the book is formatted properly Ensure the book is formatted properly and tells just the portion of the book and tells just the portion of the book and tells just the portion of the book from this chapter. Output behavior saved from this chapter. Output behavior saved from this chapter. Output behavior saved a variable variable chapter 1. And then a variable variable chapter 1. And then a variable variable chapter 1. And then under model settings, I'm going to stick under model settings, I'm going to stick under model settings, I'm going to stick with GPT5. We'll use this model. And with GPT5. We'll use this model. And with GPT5. We'll use this model. And then max response size. I'm going to then max response size. I'm going to then max response size. I'm going to crank that up a little bit. I want to crank that up a little bit. I want to crank that up a little bit. I want to make sure that it has enough room to make sure that it has enough room to make sure that it has enough room to write a big long chapter. Now, this is write a big long chapter. Now, this is write a big long chapter. Now, this is probably way more than we need, but probably way more than we need, but probably way more than we need, but that'll be fine. And then we can connect that'll be fine. And then we can connect that'll be fine. And then we can connect our story arc to chapter 1. So, this our story arc to chapter 1. So, this our story arc to chapter 1. So, this will be the next step in our process will be the next step in our process will be the next step in our process here. And then I'm going to create here. And then I'm going to create here. And then I'm going to create chapter 2. We're going to pretty much do chapter 2. We're going to pretty much do chapter 2. We're going to pretty much do the same thing. I'm going to make a few the same thing. I'm going to make a few the same thing. I'm going to make a few slight tweaks to the prompt here. Uh I'm slight tweaks to the prompt here. Uh I'm slight tweaks to the prompt here. Uh I'm going to rename this chapter 2. Connect going to rename this chapter 2. Connect going to rename this chapter 2. Connect it over. And then under chapter 2, some it over. And then under chapter 2, some it over. And then under chapter 2, some slight variations. Pretty much the same slight variations. Pretty much the same slight variations. Pretty much the same beginning. We're writing a book. Here's beginning. We're writing a book. Here's beginning. We're writing a book. Here's the chapter descriptions. Everything we the chapter descriptions. Everything we the chapter descriptions. Everything we wrote. Write chapter 2 in its entirety. wrote. Write chapter 2 in its entirety. wrote. Write chapter 2 in its entirety. 2,000 to 5,000 words. But then down 2,000 to 5,000 words. But then down 2,000 to 5,000 words. But then down here, I put here's chapter 1 in its here, I put here's chapter 1 in its here, I put here's chapter 1 in its entirety so you can continue the story entirety so you can continue the story entirety so you can continue the story from where it left off. And then I from where it left off. And then I from where it left off. And then I brought in chapter 1 that we just wrote brought in chapter 1 that we just wrote brought in chapter 1 that we just wrote here. So when it writes chapter 2, it here. So when it writes chapter 2, it here. So when it writes chapter 2, it has the entire story line right here in has the entire story line right here in has the entire story line right here in the chapter description, but it also has the chapter description, but it also has the chapter description, but it also has chapter 1. So it knows exactly where chapter 1. So it knows exactly where chapter 1. So it knows exactly where chapter 1 left off before it starts chapter 1 left off before it starts chapter 1 left off before it starts writing chapter 2. Once again, save to writing chapter 2. Once again, save to writing chapter 2. Once again, save to variable. We'll call this chapter 1. variable. We'll call this chapter 1. variable. We'll call this chapter 1. We'll use GPT5. And crank up our max We'll use GPT5. And crank up our max We'll use GPT5. And crank up our max response size a little bit. And now it's response size a little bit. And now it's response size a little bit. And now it's a matter of just copying and pasting for a matter of just copying and pasting for a matter of just copying and pasting for the next eight chapters. So, if I click the next eight chapters. So, if I click the next eight chapters. So, if I click on chapter 2 here, rightclick, copy, and on chapter 2 here, rightclick, copy, and on chapter 2 here, rightclick, copy, and then commandV, I could paste this in then commandV, I could paste this in then commandV, I could paste this in here, rename this one to chapter 3, here, rename this one to chapter 3, here, rename this one to chapter 3, connect our nodes, and then down here, I connect our nodes, and then down here, I connect our nodes, and then down here, I just need to change a few things. And just need to change a few things. And just need to change a few things. And I'm just going to do that for the rest. I'm just going to do that for the rest. I'm just going to do that for the rest. Now, I'm not going to make you watch me Now, I'm not going to make you watch me Now, I'm not going to make you watch me copy and paste seven more chapters. I'm copy and paste seven more chapters. I'm copy and paste seven more chapters. I'm just going to use some editing magic. just going to use some editing magic. just going to use some editing magic. And we've got all 10 chapters here. And we've got all 10 chapters here. And we've got all 10 chapters here. Chapter 4, chapter 5, chapter 6, chapter Chapter 4, chapter 5, chapter 6, chapter Chapter 4, chapter 5, chapter 6, chapter 7, chapter 8, chapter 9. Don't forget to 7, chapter 8, chapter 9. Don't forget to 7, chapter 8, chapter 9. Don't forget to change your variable name on each one change your variable name on each one change your variable name on each one here. And finally, chapter 10. I did here. And finally, chapter 10. I did here. And finally, chapter 10. I did make a slight tweak to the prompt here. make a slight tweak to the prompt here. make a slight tweak to the prompt here. Everything's the same for the most part. Everything's the same for the most part. Everything's the same for the most part. But then down here where I wrote write But then down here where I wrote write But then down here where I wrote write chapter 10, I put this is the final chapter 10, I put this is the final chapter 10, I put this is the final chapter of the book. So it should bring chapter of the book. So it should bring chapter of the book. So it should bring the book to its conclusion. I'm also the book to its conclusion. I'm also the book to its conclusion. I'm also going to do a little bit of rearranging going to do a little bit of rearranging going to do a little bit of rearranging just to kind of keep things on the just to kind of keep things on the just to kind of keep things on the screen a little bit. I'll bring chapter screen a little bit. I'll bring chapter screen a little bit. I'll bring chapter 1 down here like this. And let me just 1 down here like this. And let me just 1 down here like this. And let me just zoom out. And then we'll just kind of zoom out. And then we'll just kind of zoom out. And then we'll just kind of have it sort of weave back and forth so have it sort of weave back and forth so have it sort of weave back and forth so we can kind of see everything going on we can kind of see everything going on we can kind of see everything going on on the screen. I just think it's a on the screen. I just think it's a on the screen. I just think it's a little bit cleaner and easier to keep little bit cleaner and easier to keep little bit cleaner and easier to keep track of. We'll zoom back in and now we track of. We'll zoom back in and now we track of. We'll zoom back in and now we can see our full workflow here. So can see our full workflow here. So can see our full workflow here. So start, this is where the user inputs start, this is where the user inputs start, this is where the user inputs their information. Do we need to write a their information. Do we need to write a their information. Do we need to write a description? Yes or no. Then it description? Yes or no. Then it description? Yes or no. Then it generates a table of contents. Then it generates a table of contents. Then it generates a table of contents. Then it generates the entire story arc. Once all generates the entire story arc. Once all generates the entire story arc. Once all of that is generated, it goes on and of that is generated, it goes on and of that is generated, it goes on and writes chapter 1 all the way through writes chapter 1 all the way through writes chapter 1 all the way through chapter 10. And the only step we need chapter 10. And the only step we need chapter 10. And the only step we need now after it does all of this is just to now after it does all of this is just to now after it does all of this is just to present the book back to us. And to do present the book back to us. And to do present the book back to us. And to do that, I'm going to make a new block and that, I'm going to make a new block and that, I'm going to make a new block and we're going to display content. We'll we're going to display content. We'll we're going to display content. We'll connect our chapter 10. And this time we connect our chapter 10. And this time we connect our chapter 10. And this time we will keep it on display to user. For my will keep it on display to user. For my will keep it on display to user. For my message here, I'm just going to plug in message here, I'm just going to plug in message here, I'm just going to plug in our book title. I put this hashtag here our book title. I put this hashtag here our book title. I put this hashtag here so that it will make it like a heading. so that it will make it like a heading. so that it will make it like a heading. I'm going to pull in our full table of I'm going to pull in our full table of I'm going to pull in our full table of contents. This is our original table of contents. This is our original table of contents. This is our original table of contents that we created here, not the contents that we created here, not the contents that we created here, not the one with the entire story arc. And then one with the entire story arc. And then one with the entire story arc. And then I just put chapter 1. Pulled in our I just put chapter 1. Pulled in our I just put chapter 1. Pulled in our variable for chapter 1. Chapter 2 pulled variable for chapter 1. Chapter 2 pulled variable for chapter 1. Chapter 2 pulled in our variable for chapter 2 all the in our variable for chapter 2 all the in our variable for chapter 2 all the way down to chapter 10. So it's just way down to chapter 10. So it's just way down to chapter 10. So it's just going to pull in title, table of going to pull in title, table of going to pull in title, table of contents, and all of the chapters. And contents, and all of the chapters. And contents, and all of the chapters. And then under display type, you have some then under display type, you have some then under display type, you have some options. What I found to work with options. What I found to work with options. What I found to work with something this big is to give it back to something this big is to give it back to something this big is to give it back to me as a Word document. And then I'm me as a Word document. And then I'm me as a Word document. And then I'm going to put a new block, view all going to put a new block, view all going to put a new block, view all blocks, and I'm going to tell it this is blocks, and I'm going to tell it this is blocks, and I'm going to tell it this is where it ends. I'll put our little end where it ends. I'll put our little end where it ends. I'll put our little end block here to let it know that this is block here to let it know that this is block here to let it know that this is the finale of our workflow. And it's the finale of our workflow. And it's the finale of our workflow. And it's done. The whole thing is built. Now, we done. The whole thing is built. Now, we done. The whole thing is built. Now, we can simply click publish, open up our AI can simply click publish, open up our AI can simply click publish, open up our AI agent here, and we can plug in a book agent here, and we can plug in a book agent here, and we can plug in a book title, a book genre, and if we want a title, a book genre, and if we want a title, a book genre, and if we want a book description for a book title, let's book description for a book title, let's book description for a book title, let's do the winds of winter. If you're not do the winds of winter. If you're not do the winds of winter. If you're not familiar, that's what the next book in familiar, that's what the next book in familiar, that's what the next book in the Game of Thrones series is supposed the Game of Thrones series is supposed the Game of Thrones series is supposed to be called. Let's get it to write it to be called. Let's get it to write it to be called. Let's get it to write it for us. For book genre, we'll go for us. For book genre, we'll go for us. For book genre, we'll go fantasy. And then I'll leave the book fantasy. And then I'll leave the book fantasy. And then I'll leave the book description blank. Let the AI come up description blank. Let the AI come up description blank. Let the AI come up with the book description for us. And with the book description for us. And with the book description for us. And then we'll click next. and hands off. We then we'll click next. and hands off. We then we'll click next. and hands off. We just let it go. We can see exactly what just let it go. We can see exactly what just let it go. We can see exactly what step it's on. We could watch it work step it's on. We could watch it work step it's on. We could watch it work through the workflow if we want. It will through the workflow if we want. It will through the workflow if we want. It will take a few minutes. I mean, each one of take a few minutes. I mean, each one of take a few minutes. I mean, each one of these times it is generating a step. these times it is generating a step. these times it is generating a step. It's going to take a minute or so. So, It's going to take a minute or so. So, It's going to take a minute or so. So, this whole thing could take a good 10 this whole thing could take a good 10 this whole thing could take a good 10 minutes to run. Luckily, we have the minutes to run. Luckily, we have the minutes to run. Luckily, we have the power of editing. And here's what our power of editing. And here's what our power of editing. And here's what our output looks like. The winds of winter, output looks like. The winds of winter, output looks like. The winds of winter, our full 10 chapter table of contents, our full 10 chapter table of contents, our full 10 chapter table of contents, and then chapter 1, the first black and then chapter 1, the first black and then chapter 1, the first black gale. And then here's our entire chapter gale. And then here's our entire chapter gale. And then here's our entire chapter 1. Look at this. It's got a pretty long 1. Look at this. It's got a pretty long 1. Look at this. It's got a pretty long chapter here. I'm still looking for chapter here. I'm still looking for chapter here. I'm still looking for chapter 2. All right. Finally, here's chapter 2. All right. Finally, here's chapter 2. All right. Finally, here's chapter 2. Chapter 2, Brand of the Sky chapter 2. Chapter 2, Brand of the Sky chapter 2. Chapter 2, Brand of the Sky Trader. And when I actually open this up Trader. And when I actually open this up Trader. And when I actually open this up in a Word doc, here's what it looks in a Word doc, here's what it looks in a Word doc, here's what it looks like. And down at the bottom, we can see like. And down at the bottom, we can see like. And down at the bottom, we can see it's 205 pages and 70,000 words. It it's 205 pages and 70,000 words. It it's 205 pages and 70,000 words. It wrote a full novel for us. Let's write wrote a full novel for us. Let's write wrote a full novel for us. Let's write one called The Wolf of Fire Wall Street. one called The Wolf of Fire Wall Street. one called The Wolf of Fire Wall Street. And we'll make this one science fiction. And we'll make this one science fiction. And we'll make this one science fiction. We'll click next. And it will go off and We'll click next. And it will go off and We'll click next. And it will go off and write our book for us. That's what write our book for us. That's what write our book for us. That's what agents do. You tell it what you want. agents do. You tell it what you want. agents do. You tell it what you want. And it just goes and does the thing. And And it just goes and does the thing. And And it just goes and does the thing. And here's the output. We have a 10 chapter here's the output. We have a 10 chapter here's the output. We have a 10 chapter book called The Wolf of Firewall Street. book called The Wolf of Firewall Street. book called The Wolf of Firewall Street. Chapter 1, The Opening Bell Blackout. Chapter 1, The Opening Bell Blackout. Chapter 1, The Opening Bell Blackout. And we can see we've got some pretty And we can see we've got some pretty And we can see we've got some pretty solid long chapters with some good solid long chapters with some good solid long chapters with some good dialogue. And I mean, I read through dialogue. And I mean, I read through dialogue. And I mean, I read through some of this and it's a very, very some of this and it's a very, very some of this and it's a very, very readable, decent book. Let's do one readable, decent book. Let's do one readable, decent book. Let's do one called Barry Solder and the Magician's called Barry Solder and the Magician's called Barry Solder and the Magician's Rock. And for book genre, again, you Rock. And for book genre, again, you Rock. And for book genre, again, you could put whatever you want here. So, could put whatever you want here. So, could put whatever you want here. So, let's put young adult fantasy about let's put young adult fantasy about let's put young adult fantasy about child wizards. And let's see what we get child wizards. And let's see what we get child wizards. And let's see what we get out of this. Here we go. An entire book out of this. Here we go. An entire book out of this. Here we go. An entire book called Barry Solder and the Magician's called Barry Solder and the Magician's called Barry Solder and the Magician's Rock. All about child wizards. And Rock. All about child wizards. And Rock. All about child wizards. And ideally, it's a little bit easier to ideally, it's a little bit easier to ideally, it's a little bit easier to read cuz it's written for young adults. read cuz it's written for young adults. read cuz it's written for young adults. Barry Solder can tell what time it was Barry Solder can tell what time it was Barry Solder can tell what time it was by the timber of the city. The first by the timber of the city. The first by the timber of the city. The first whistle blew low and tired. When the whistle blew low and tired. When the whistle blew low and tired. When the mills woke, the noon bell was relieved, mills woke, the noon bell was relieved, mills woke, the noon bell was relieved, etc., etc. I mean, it's definitely a etc., etc. I mean, it's definitely a etc., etc. I mean, it's definitely a lower reading level than the previous lower reading level than the previous lower reading level than the previous books we wrote because we told it it's books we wrote because we told it it's books we wrote because we told it it's for young adults. And so, that is the for young adults. And so, that is the for young adults. And so, that is the entire workflow where you could build an entire workflow where you could build an entire workflow where you could build an automation that can write an entire book automation that can write an entire book automation that can write an entire book for you from scratch. Again, I don't for you from scratch. Again, I don't for you from scratch. Again, I don't think people should be going out and think people should be going out and think people should be going out and writing books like this. This was more writing books like this. This was more writing books like this. This was more of me wanting to experiment with Mine of me wanting to experiment with Mine of me wanting to experiment with Mine Studio to see if I could do it. This is Studio to see if I could do it. This is Studio to see if I could do it. This is more so you can be inspired and see the more so you can be inspired and see the more so you can be inspired and see the types of workflows that you can go build types of workflows that you can go build types of workflows that you can go build with Mind Studio if you want. One last with Mind Studio if you want. One last with Mind Studio if you want. One last thing we can do is when we're inside of thing we can do is when we're inside of thing we can do is when we're inside of this workflow, if I click up on the top this workflow, if I click up on the top this workflow, if I click up on the top here, we can name this novel writing here, we can name this novel writing here, we can name this novel writing agent. We'll publish the change up here. agent. We'll publish the change up here. agent. We'll publish the change up here. And then when we go back to our various And then when we go back to our various And then when we go back to our various agents here, we will actually know what agents here, we will actually know what agents here, we will actually know what this one is called. The sky is the limit this one is called. The sky is the limit this one is called. The sky is the limit to the types of automations you can to the types of automations you can to the types of automations you can build with this. This is one of my build with this. This is one of my build with this. This is one of my favorite things about AI. Now, whatever favorite things about AI. Now, whatever favorite things about AI. Now, whatever type of work you do, you can create type of work you do, you can create type of work you do, you can create agents and automations and workflows and agents and automations and workflows and agents and automations and workflows and just really cool things to make it so just really cool things to make it so just really cool things to make it so that whatever you're doing becomes a that whatever you're doing becomes a that whatever you're doing becomes a heck of a lot easier. It just cuts out heck of a lot easier. It just cuts out heck of a lot easier. It just cuts out some of the steps for you. That's what I some of the steps for you. That's what I some of the steps for you. That's what I love about Vibe Coding. That's what I love about Vibe Coding. That's what I love about Vibe Coding. That's what I love about these agent workflow love about these agent workflow love about these agent workflow builders. I can find little bottlenecks builders. I can find little bottlenecks builders. I can find little bottlenecks in my own business and life and build in my own business and life and build in my own business and life and build little agents to make those things little agents to make those things little agents to make those things easier and faster for me. And Mind easier and faster for me. And Mind easier and faster for me. And Mind Studio is perfect for that kind of Studio is perfect for that kind of Studio is perfect for that kind of stuff. So, I want to thank them again stuff. So, I want to thank them again stuff. So, I want to thank them again for sponsoring this video. And hopefully for sponsoring this video. And hopefully for sponsoring this video. And hopefully you got some ideas, some inspiration of you got some ideas, some inspiration of you got some ideas, some inspiration of what else you can do with Mine Studio. what else you can do with Mine Studio. what else you can do with Mine Studio. Thank you so much for tuning in and Thank you so much for tuning in and Thank you so much for tuning in and nerding out with me. This is kind of nerding out with me. This is kind of nerding out with me. This is kind of more of that like old school tutorial more of that like old school tutorial more of that like old school tutorial that I used to make more of. Hoping to that I used to make more of. Hoping to that I used to make more of. Hoping to do this type of video more often as do this type of video more often as do this type of video more often as well. So, if you like this kind of well. So, if you like this kind of well. So, if you like this kind of video, you want to see more automations video, you want to see more automations video, you want to see more automations and workflows and how to build this kind and workflows and how to build this kind and workflows and how to build this kind of stuff, let me know in the comments of stuff, let me know in the comments of stuff, let me know in the comments and uh I'll be happy to make this kind and uh I'll be happy to make this kind and uh I'll be happy to make this kind of stuff cuz this is a blast for me. So, of stuff cuz this is a blast for me. So, of stuff cuz this is a blast for me. So, thanks again for hanging out. Thanks for thanks again for hanging out. Thanks for thanks again for hanging out. Thanks for nerding out. Really, really appreciate nerding out. Really, really appreciate nerding out. Really, really appreciate you. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next you. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next you. Hopefully, I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for one. Bye-bye. Thank you so much for nerding out with me today. If you like nerding out with me today. If you like nerding out with me today. If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a videos like this, make sure to give it a videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. thumbs up and subscribe to this channel. I'll make sure more videos like this I'll make sure more videos like this I'll make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed. And if you show up in your YouTube feed. And if you show up in your YouTube feed. And if you haven't already, check out haven't already, check out haven't already, check out futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the futuretools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free news. And there's an awesome free newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really newsletter. Thanks again. Really appreciate you. See you in the next one.
