Title: This AI Voice Agent can do anything… just watch
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

So AI voice agents can do pretty much So AI voice agents can do pretty much So AI voice agents can do pretty much anything. Whether it is attract you more anything. Whether it is attract you more anything. Whether it is attract you more leads, save time, manage your calendar, leads, save time, manage your calendar, leads, save time, manage your calendar, grow your business, or even automate grow your business, or even automate grow your business, or even automate your work. Plus, it's a massively your work. Plus, it's a massively your work. Plus, it's a massively growing market. I mean, look at this growing market. I mean, look at this growing market. I mean, look at this trend chart, right? I don't have to trend chart, right? I don't have to trend chart, right? I don't have to explain that this is a very, very good explain that this is a very, very good explain that this is a very, very good time to get into the voice AI agent time to get into the voice AI agent time to get into the voice AI agent game. If you still don't have a voice game. If you still don't have a voice game. If you still don't have a voice agent in your life or business, you're agent in your life or business, you're agent in your life or business, you're honestly missing out. So, in this video, honestly missing out. So, in this video, honestly missing out. So, in this video, I'll show you how to build a voice AI I'll show you how to build a voice AI I'll show you how to build a voice AI agent from scratch, even if you are a agent from scratch, even if you are a agent from scratch, even if you are a complete beginner. Now, you have to complete beginner. Now, you have to complete beginner. Now, you have to realize that every single business needs realize that every single business needs realize that every single business needs voice agents. or if you don't have a voice agents. or if you don't have a voice agents. or if you don't have a business, you could be one of the many business, you could be one of the many business, you could be one of the many people selling to the 350 million people selling to the 350 million people selling to the 350 million registered companies worldwide. Now, registered companies worldwide. Now, registered companies worldwide. Now, another reason to take voice agent another reason to take voice agent another reason to take voice agent seriously is that this is the next big seriously is that this is the next big seriously is that this is the next big modality in the AI game. When JBD came modality in the AI game. When JBD came modality in the AI game. When JBD came out in 23, it was all about texting. out in 23, it was all about texting. out in 23, it was all about texting. Same with 24 and the first half of 2025. Same with 24 and the first half of 2025. Same with 24 and the first half of 2025. But the future is not texting. The But the future is not texting. The But the future is not texting. The future is voice speaking. Whether it is future is voice speaking. Whether it is future is voice speaking. Whether it is through meta glasses, whether it is through meta glasses, whether it is through meta glasses, whether it is through phone, through headphones, through phone, through headphones, through phone, through headphones, doesn't matter. Voice is the modality of doesn't matter. Voice is the modality of doesn't matter. Voice is the modality of the future. And that's because talking the future. And that's because talking the future. And that's because talking is just way faster than typing. Most is just way faster than typing. Most is just way faster than typing. Most people type at like 40 words per minute, people type at like 40 words per minute, people type at like 40 words per minute, which is disgusting. For most people, which is disgusting. For most people, which is disgusting. For most people, speaking is like three times faster than speaking is like three times faster than speaking is like three times faster than typing. Also, people don't realize just typing. Also, people don't realize just typing. Also, people don't realize just how hyperrealistic voice agents have how hyperrealistic voice agents have how hyperrealistic voice agents have recently gotten. Over 95% of people recently gotten. Over 95% of people recently gotten. Over 95% of people cannot even tell if they're speaking to cannot even tell if they're speaking to cannot even tell if they're speaking to one of the cutting edge voice models. one of the cutting edge voice models. one of the cutting edge voice models. But it's not just about the AI voice But it's not just about the AI voice But it's not just about the AI voice itself. You can even simulate ambient itself. You can even simulate ambient itself. You can even simulate ambient sounds and pauses, which makes it even sounds and pauses, which makes it even sounds and pauses, which makes it even more realistic. Plus, voice is just more realistic. Plus, voice is just more realistic. Plus, voice is just convenient, right? You can talk to it convenient, right? You can talk to it convenient, right? You can talk to it whether you're in a car, walking, whether you're in a car, walking, whether you're in a car, walking, whether you're cycling or inside of a whether you're cycling or inside of a whether you're cycling or inside of a meeting. Plus, voice is going to be much meeting. Plus, voice is going to be much meeting. Plus, voice is going to be much bigger market than text purely by the bigger market than text purely by the bigger market than text purely by the fact that there's billions of people in fact that there's billions of people in fact that there's billions of people in this world that aren't really literate this world that aren't really literate this world that aren't really literate when it comes to writing or texting, but when it comes to writing or texting, but when it comes to writing or texting, but they can speak, which means voice by they can speak, which means voice by they can speak, which means voice by default will be a bigger market. Just default will be a bigger market. Just default will be a bigger market. Just like smartphones are a bigger market like smartphones are a bigger market like smartphones are a bigger market than personal computers. But the best than personal computers. But the best than personal computers. But the best part is voice agents are actually very part is voice agents are actually very part is voice agents are actually very easy to build. By the end of this video, easy to build. By the end of this video, easy to build. By the end of this video, if you actually pay attention, you will if you actually pay attention, you will if you actually pay attention, you will have your very first AI voice agent have your very first AI voice agent have your very first AI voice agent deployed and running in your life or deployed and running in your life or deployed and running in your life or business. And no, you don't have to be a business. And no, you don't have to be a business. And no, you don't have to be a programmer to do this. All right, so let programmer to do this. All right, so let programmer to do this. All right, so let me show you the agent itself. And as I me show you the agent itself. And as I me show you the agent itself. And as I promised, it's very simple, right? We promised, it's very simple, right? We promised, it's very simple, right? We have the web hook trigger. We have the have the web hook trigger. We have the have the web hook trigger. We have the AI agent using OpenAI model. Then we AI agent using OpenAI model. Then we AI agent using OpenAI model. Then we have the tools. Obviously, you can have the tools. Obviously, you can have the tools. Obviously, you can customize this for whatever you want. customize this for whatever you want. customize this for whatever you want. I'll show you how to do that in a bit. I'll show you how to do that in a bit. I'll show you how to do that in a bit. And then we have a respond to web hook, And then we have a respond to web hook, And then we have a respond to web hook, which is literally the simplest note which is literally the simplest note which is literally the simplest note ever. First incoming item. This is what ever. First incoming item. This is what ever. First incoming item. This is what the agent returns. So yes, building the agent returns. So yes, building the agent returns. So yes, building voice agents is very simple. And yes, voice agents is very simple. And yes, voice agents is very simple. And yes, you can do it. Just pay attention. Give you can do it. Just pay attention. Give you can do it. Just pay attention. Give me 20 minutes and you will have your me 20 minutes and you will have your me 20 minutes and you will have your first voice agent in your life. Now, the first voice agent in your life. Now, the first voice agent in your life. Now, the voice agent looks something like this. voice agent looks something like this. voice agent looks something like this. So, let me show you how this voice agent So, let me show you how this voice agent So, let me show you how this voice agent can sound. can sound. can sound. &gt;&gt; Thanks for calling Sharlook Barberhop, &gt;&gt; Thanks for calling Sharlook Barberhop, &gt;&gt; Thanks for calling Sharlook Barberhop, mister. Are you looking to book, change, mister. Are you looking to book, change, mister. Are you looking to book, change, or cancel an appointment or ask a quick or cancel an appointment or ask a quick or cancel an appointment or ask a quick question? question? question? &gt;&gt; Now, believe it or not, businesses are &gt;&gt; Now, believe it or not, businesses are &gt;&gt; Now, believe it or not, businesses are throwing money at voice agents like throwing money at voice agents like throwing money at voice agents like this. I mean, in just a few minutes, I this. I mean, in just a few minutes, I this. I mean, in just a few minutes, I was able to find multiple four-f was able to find multiple four-f was able to find multiple four-f figureure listings on Upwork where figureure listings on Upwork where figureure listings on Upwork where people want AI, voice system automation, people want AI, voice system automation, people want AI, voice system automation, voice AI agent, voice agent, voice voice AI agent, voice agent, voice voice AI agent, voice agent, voice receptionist. Now, the biggest problems receptionist. Now, the biggest problems receptionist. Now, the biggest problems that beginners make is they build AI that beginners make is they build AI that beginners make is they build AI agents that do not run 24/7. An AI agent agents that do not run 24/7. An AI agent agents that do not run 24/7. An AI agent is only useful when it can be available is only useful when it can be available is only useful when it can be available at all times, right? If you have a at all times, right? If you have a at all times, right? If you have a business and you want to call your AI business and you want to call your AI business and you want to call your AI voice secretary, she's not available, voice secretary, she's not available, voice secretary, she's not available, useless. One of the ways to solve this useless. One of the ways to solve this useless. One of the ways to solve this is with any 10 cloud, but the problem is is with any 10 cloud, but the problem is is with any 10 cloud, but the problem is it can get expensive. Plus, there's a it can get expensive. Plus, there's a it can get expensive. Plus, there's a limit on the amount of executions. But limit on the amount of executions. But limit on the amount of executions. But luckily, there's a very simple solution, luckily, there's a very simple solution, luckily, there's a very simple solution, and that is HostingerVPS. Not only is and that is HostingerVPS. Not only is and that is HostingerVPS. Not only is this super cheap, but it's also what I this super cheap, but it's also what I this super cheap, but it's also what I personally use for all of the AI agents personally use for all of the AI agents personally use for all of the AI agents in my company because it is just so easy in my company because it is just so easy in my company because it is just so easy to set up. Let me show you. If you get to set up. Let me show you. If you get to set up. Let me show you. If you get the KVM2 plan, which I would recommend the KVM2 plan, which I would recommend the KVM2 plan, which I would recommend you to get, you can literally run you to get, you can literally run you to get, you can literally run hundreds of AI agents on this plan, and hundreds of AI agents on this plan, and hundreds of AI agents on this plan, and it will cost you way less than if you it will cost you way less than if you it will cost you way less than if you used the NA10 Cloud, especially if you used the NA10 Cloud, especially if you used the NA10 Cloud, especially if you go with the 24-month option, which I go with the 24-month option, which I go with the 24-month option, which I definitely recommend you do because you definitely recommend you do because you definitely recommend you do because you want your AI agents running forever. You want your AI agents running forever. You want your AI agents running forever. You build them once and they save you time build them once and they save you time build them once and they save you time in perpetuity. And since Hosting Group in perpetuity. And since Hosting Group in perpetuity. And since Hosting Group was kind enough to sponsor this video, was kind enough to sponsor this video, was kind enough to sponsor this video, if you use the coupon code David, you if you use the coupon code David, you if you use the coupon code David, you will save additional 10% off on your will save additional 10% off on your will save additional 10% off on your annual or two-year plan. Then what annual or two-year plan. Then what annual or two-year plan. Then what remains is selecting the server remains is selecting the server remains is selecting the server location. So just select whatever is location. So just select whatever is location. So just select whatever is closest to you and then for the closest to you and then for the closest to you and then for the operating system, click on NA10. They operating system, click on NA10. They operating system, click on NA10. They literally have a one-click install literally have a one-click install literally have a one-click install template for NA10. It couldn't be any template for NA10. It couldn't be any template for NA10. It couldn't be any easier. So click on confirm and then easier. So click on confirm and then easier. So click on confirm and then click on continue and login with your click on continue and login with your click on continue and login with your Hostinger account or just create one. Hostinger account or just create one. Hostinger account or just create one. And the last thing that remains is And the last thing that remains is And the last thing that remains is filling out your billing details and filling out your billing details and filling out your billing details and your credit card. I've been using your credit card. I've been using your credit card. I've been using Hostinger for months to host my entered Hostinger for months to host my entered Hostinger for months to host my entered agents and it really is the simplest and agents and it really is the simplest and agents and it really is the simplest and most affordable way to do so. So again, most affordable way to do so. So again, most affordable way to do so. So again, make sure to check out the link make sure to check out the link make sure to check out the link description and remember to use code description and remember to use code description and remember to use code David to get 10% off. All right, so once David to get 10% off. All right, so once David to get 10% off. All right, so once you have your Hostinger VPS, go to the you have your Hostinger VPS, go to the you have your Hostinger VPS, go to the panel, click on home and select manage. panel, click on home and select manage. panel, click on home and select manage. Here we can see how our virtual private Here we can see how our virtual private Here we can see how our virtual private server is running and all the usage you server is running and all the usage you server is running and all the usage you see about it. So this is another see about it. So this is another see about it. So this is another advantage over the N10 cloud. You can advantage over the N10 cloud. You can advantage over the N10 cloud. You can actually see this data that N10 actually see this data that N10 actually see this data that N10 otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we otherwise wouldn't give you. So all we need to click is manage app and this need to click is manage app and this need to click is manage app and this will launch the NA10 server where we can will launch the NA10 server where we can will launch the NA10 server where we can see all of our AI agents. Okay. So now see all of our AI agents. Okay. So now see all of our AI agents. Okay. So now let me show you how to build this agent let me show you how to build this agent let me show you how to build this agent inside of NA10 from scratch. So the inside of NA10 from scratch. So the inside of NA10 from scratch. So the first thing we have to do is choose the first thing we have to do is choose the first thing we have to do is choose the trigger. We're going to use the web hook trigger. We're going to use the web hook trigger. We're going to use the web hook one. So type in web hook. There we go. one. So type in web hook. There we go. one. So type in web hook. There we go. Now if this is your first time in NA10, Now if this is your first time in NA10, Now if this is your first time in NA10, you might be thinking, "Okay, David, you might be thinking, "Okay, David, you might be thinking, "Okay, David, this feels complicated. I don't know this feels complicated. I don't know this feels complicated. I don't know what to do." Calm down. The data on the what to do." Calm down. The data on the what to do." Calm down. The data on the left is what's coming in. In the middle, left is what's coming in. In the middle, left is what's coming in. In the middle, this is this node. This is how we this is this node. This is how we this is this node. This is how we process data. And on the right, this is process data. And on the right, this is process data. And on the right, this is the output, right? This is how every the output, right? This is how every the output, right? This is how every single node inside of N10 looks. Once single node inside of N10 looks. Once single node inside of N10 looks. Once you realize that, you realize, okay, you realize that, you realize, okay, you realize that, you realize, okay, it's actually not that hard. So, we need it's actually not that hard. So, we need it's actually not that hard. So, we need to change just a few things inside of to change just a few things inside of to change just a few things inside of this web hook note. First of all, we this web hook note. First of all, we this web hook note. First of all, we will need the production URL. This is will need the production URL. This is will need the production URL. This is what we will add later to our voice what we will add later to our voice what we will add later to our voice agent. But the main thing is changing agent. But the main thing is changing agent. But the main thing is changing the HTTP method to post. And the second the HTTP method to post. And the second the HTTP method to post. And the second thing you have to change is respond to thing you have to change is respond to thing you have to change is respond to using respond node web hook. This is using respond node web hook. This is using respond node web hook. This is going to be after the AI agent runs. And going to be after the AI agent runs. And going to be after the AI agent runs. And that should be it. So, make sure to save that should be it. So, make sure to save that should be it. So, make sure to save in the top right inside of any 10. After in the top right inside of any 10. After in the top right inside of any 10. After making any changes, always click save. making any changes, always click save. making any changes, always click save. That way, you don't lose your progress. That way, you don't lose your progress. That way, you don't lose your progress. Now after the web hook, we need to feed Now after the web hook, we need to feed Now after the web hook, we need to feed the data into an AI agent. So type in AI the data into an AI agent. So type in AI the data into an AI agent. So type in AI agent. Boom. Now this is the main part agent. Boom. Now this is the main part agent. Boom. Now this is the main part of our operation, right? This is the of our operation, right? This is the of our operation, right? This is the agent that decides what tools are being agent that decides what tools are being agent that decides what tools are being used, which model is being used, how we used, which model is being used, how we used, which model is being used, how we output the web hook. Anything you want output the web hook. Anything you want output the web hook. Anything you want to build, you can do it with this agent. to build, you can do it with this agent. to build, you can do it with this agent. So for the prompt, let's click on define So for the prompt, let's click on define So for the prompt, let's click on define below. And for the user message, we're below. And for the user message, we're below. And for the user message, we're just going to pass the transcription just going to pass the transcription just going to pass the transcription from the call. So that's going to be from the call. So that's going to be from the call. So that's going to be included in the web hook. Next up, we included in the web hook. Next up, we included in the web hook. Next up, we need to scroll all the way at the bottom need to scroll all the way at the bottom need to scroll all the way at the bottom and click on add option and add a system and click on add option and add a system and click on add option and add a system prompt, right? because we want to have prompt, right? because we want to have prompt, right? because we want to have control over how our AI agent behaves control over how our AI agent behaves control over how our AI agent behaves and the way we do that is with the and the way we do that is with the and the way we do that is with the system message. Now, if you click on system message. Now, if you click on system message. Now, if you click on expression, you can actually click this expression, you can actually click this expression, you can actually click this expand button to have a bit more space expand button to have a bit more space expand button to have a bit more space for this. And I already prepared a for this. And I already prepared a for this. And I already prepared a system prompt, so feel free to pause and system prompt, so feel free to pause and system prompt, so feel free to pause and copy it. But basically, this demo is copy it. But basically, this demo is copy it. But basically, this demo is going to be for a booking agent, right? going to be for a booking agent, right? going to be for a booking agent, right? So, this could be used for a barber So, this could be used for a barber So, this could be used for a barber shop. This could be used for dental shop. This could be used for dental shop. This could be used for dental agency. I mean, any brickandmortar agency. I mean, any brickandmortar agency. I mean, any brickandmortar business can use this agent. So, you can business can use this agent. So, you can business can use this agent. So, you can literally take it and resell it to literally take it and resell it to literally take it and resell it to actual companies. Now, one detail is the actual companies. Now, one detail is the actual companies. Now, one detail is the time zone, right? If you have all time zone, right? If you have all time zone, right? If you have all customers in the same time zone, such as customers in the same time zone, such as customers in the same time zone, such as a small country like Czech Republic, a small country like Czech Republic, a small country like Czech Republic, then it's fine doing it like so, where then it's fine doing it like so, where then it's fine doing it like so, where you define the time zone for everybody. you define the time zone for everybody. you define the time zone for everybody. But if your customers are worldwide, But if your customers are worldwide, But if your customers are worldwide, then make sure to tell the agent, please then make sure to tell the agent, please then make sure to tell the agent, please ask the user which time zone he's ask the user which time zone he's ask the user which time zone he's calling from, right? So that anything calling from, right? So that anything calling from, right? So that anything with time such as booking or with time such as booking or with time such as booking or appointments, whatever will be accurate appointments, whatever will be accurate appointments, whatever will be accurate in the user's time zone. But other than in the user's time zone. But other than in the user's time zone. But other than that, this prompt is actually very that, this prompt is actually very that, this prompt is actually very simple. So once you set up the agent, simple. So once you set up the agent, simple. So once you set up the agent, again, make sure to save and we need to again, make sure to save and we need to again, make sure to save and we need to give it a model. That's the brain of the give it a model. That's the brain of the give it a model. That's the brain of the AI agent. without a model it cannot AI agent. without a model it cannot AI agent. without a model it cannot think. You can use OpenAI, you can use think. You can use OpenAI, you can use think. You can use OpenAI, you can use Enthropic, Google, whatever you prefer. Enthropic, Google, whatever you prefer. Enthropic, Google, whatever you prefer. I'm just going to use OpenAI because I'm just going to use OpenAI because I'm just going to use OpenAI because GPD4.1 is perhaps the most reliable GPD4.1 is perhaps the most reliable GPD4.1 is perhaps the most reliable model for AI agents right now. Now, if model for AI agents right now. Now, if model for AI agents right now. Now, if this is your first time setting up an this is your first time setting up an this is your first time setting up an OpenAI model, you obviously have to pass OpenAI model, you obviously have to pass OpenAI model, you obviously have to pass your API key, which you can do in this your API key, which you can do in this your API key, which you can do in this credential right here. To get your API credential right here. To get your API credential right here. To get your API key, just go to platform.openi.com, key, just go to platform.openi.com, key, just go to platform.openi.com, log in with your Chip account on the log in with your Chip account on the log in with your Chip account on the left, click on API keys, and then click left, click on API keys, and then click left, click on API keys, and then click on create new secret key. Very simple, on create new secret key. Very simple, on create new secret key. Very simple, takes 30 seconds. Okay, so back to NA10, takes 30 seconds. Okay, so back to NA10, takes 30 seconds. Okay, so back to NA10, we added the model. So now our AI agent we added the model. So now our AI agent we added the model. So now our AI agent has a chat model. So let's save that has a chat model. So let's save that has a chat model. So let's save that again. By the way, later in the video, again. By the way, later in the video, again. By the way, later in the video, I'll show you how to actually profit I'll show you how to actually profit I'll show you how to actually profit with voice AI agents, whether it is with voice AI agents, whether it is with voice AI agents, whether it is integrating them into your own business integrating them into your own business integrating them into your own business or selling it to other companies. So or selling it to other companies. So or selling it to other companies. So stay tuned for that. The next thing we stay tuned for that. The next thing we stay tuned for that. The next thing we need to add is a tool. So in this need to add is a tool. So in this need to add is a tool. So in this example, let's do Google calendar. example, let's do Google calendar. example, let's do Google calendar. That's something that anyone uses and That's something that anyone uses and That's something that anyone uses and anybody can implement right now. The anybody can implement right now. The anybody can implement right now. The first step is selecting which account it first step is selecting which account it first step is selecting which account it should be connected with. I've shown should be connected with. I've shown should be connected with. I've shown that in dozens of other videos, so just that in dozens of other videos, so just that in dozens of other videos, so just watch any of these. It's not that watch any of these. It's not that watch any of these. It's not that complicated. Now, the important thing is complicated. Now, the important thing is complicated. Now, the important thing is the operation here. We need to change the operation here. We need to change the operation here. We need to change this to get many. Before it can make any this to get many. Before it can make any this to get many. Before it can make any changes to the calendar, you need to changes to the calendar, you need to changes to the calendar, you need to check where the empty slots are. So, check where the empty slots are. So, check where the empty slots are. So, again, select the calendar you want it again, select the calendar you want it again, select the calendar you want it to use. And here's the fun part. For all to use. And here's the fun part. For all to use. And here's the fun part. For all of these, we can just click on let the of these, we can just click on let the of these, we can just click on let the model define. All of these will let the model define. All of these will let the model define. All of these will let the AI agent decide how to use these and how AI agent decide how to use these and how AI agent decide how to use these and how to fill these in. We don't have to fill to fill these in. We don't have to fill to fill these in. We don't have to fill these. Like, this is the beauty of these. Like, this is the beauty of these. Like, this is the beauty of building AI agents in 2025. It's way building AI agents in 2025. It's way building AI agents in 2025. It's way easier, way simpler than people think. easier, way simpler than people think. easier, way simpler than people think. So also make sure to rename it to get So also make sure to rename it to get So also make sure to rename it to get many. That way it's organized and we many. That way it's organized and we many. That way it's organized and we know what each tool does. Now we need a know what each tool does. Now we need a know what each tool does. Now we need a second tool again, Google calendar. And second tool again, Google calendar. And second tool again, Google calendar. And by the way, you can add way more tools by the way, you can add way more tools by the way, you can add way more tools than that. Each agent can have 10 plus than that. Each agent can have 10 plus than that. Each agent can have 10 plus tools until it starts getting confused. tools until it starts getting confused. tools until it starts getting confused. And then if it starts getting confused, And then if it starts getting confused, And then if it starts getting confused, guess what? We can add another AI agent guess what? We can add another AI agent guess what? We can add another AI agent as a sub agent. This is something that's as a sub agent. This is something that's as a sub agent. This is something that's new to NA10. So even if you need to add new to NA10. So even if you need to add new to NA10. So even if you need to add like 20 plus tools where in the past like 20 plus tools where in the past like 20 plus tools where in the past that would be too much for a single that would be too much for a single that would be too much for a single agent, right? it would get confused, not agent, right? it would get confused, not agent, right? it would get confused, not sure which to call, when to call each sure which to call, when to call each sure which to call, when to call each tool. Now you can do sub agent that tool. Now you can do sub agent that tool. Now you can do sub agent that would be like managing all calendar would be like managing all calendar would be like managing all calendar tools for example, right? Or like one tools for example, right? Or like one tools for example, right? Or like one agent that manages all email tools and agent that manages all email tools and agent that manages all email tools and that agent has like five email tools and that agent has like five email tools and that agent has like five email tools and it's hyper specialized to just email it's hyper specialized to just email it's hyper specialized to just email operations. So that we can do with sub operations. So that we can do with sub operations. So that we can do with sub agents but in this example we don't even agents but in this example we don't even agents but in this example we don't even need to do that and I don't want to make need to do that and I don't want to make need to do that and I don't want to make it harder on you. All we need to do is it harder on you. All we need to do is it harder on you. All we need to do is just use two two different tools get just use two two different tools get just use two two different tools get many and then create event. So let's many and then create event. So let's many and then create event. So let's rename that calendar create event. rename that calendar create event. rename that calendar create event. Again, choose the account to connect Again, choose the account to connect Again, choose the account to connect with. Under operation, make sure to with. Under operation, make sure to with. Under operation, make sure to leave it on create and select the target leave it on create and select the target leave it on create and select the target calendar. Now, just like before, we calendar. Now, just like before, we calendar. Now, just like before, we don't want to define these. We just want don't want to define these. We just want don't want to define these. We just want to let the model decide. So let's click to let the model decide. So let's click to let the model decide. So let's click on this and AI will decide these for us. on this and AI will decide these for us. on this and AI will decide these for us. And the same goes for the description And the same goes for the description And the same goes for the description and the summary. So again, click on this and the summary. So again, click on this and the summary. So again, click on this button. Boom. Boom. And the AI agent button. Boom. Boom. And the AI agent button. Boom. Boom. And the AI agent will fill these up without you having to will fill these up without you having to will fill these up without you having to tell it anything. Now, as you can see, tell it anything. Now, as you can see, tell it anything. Now, as you can see, our AI agent is starting to take shape. our AI agent is starting to take shape. our AI agent is starting to take shape. I told you building a agents is easier I told you building a agents is easier I told you building a agents is easier and faster than you think. If you can and faster than you think. If you can and faster than you think. If you can sit down for 60 minutes and commit to sit down for 60 minutes and commit to sit down for 60 minutes and commit to it, you will automate a single process it, you will automate a single process it, you will automate a single process for the rest of your life and save time for the rest of your life and save time for the rest of your life and save time whereas everyone else who doesn't do it whereas everyone else who doesn't do it whereas everyone else who doesn't do it has a disadvantage. So building a few has a disadvantage. So building a few has a disadvantage. So building a few voice agents is one of the easiest way voice agents is one of the easiest way voice agents is one of the easiest way to get an unfair advantage over 99% of to get an unfair advantage over 99% of to get an unfair advantage over 99% of people. Now to finish this up, we need people. Now to finish this up, we need people. Now to finish this up, we need to finish the web hook, right? So type to finish the web hook, right? So type to finish the web hook, right? So type in web hook, respond to web hook. There in web hook, respond to web hook. There in web hook, respond to web hook. There we go. And just leave it on first we go. And just leave it on first we go. And just leave it on first incoming item. And that's literally it. incoming item. And that's literally it. incoming item. And that's literally it. Just like that, our AI agent inside of Just like that, our AI agent inside of Just like that, our AI agent inside of NA10 is complete. Okay, so now that our NA10 is complete. Okay, so now that our NA10 is complete. Okay, so now that our NA10 agent is done, we need to integrate NA10 agent is done, we need to integrate NA10 agent is done, we need to integrate the voice agent with it, which actually the voice agent with it, which actually the voice agent with it, which actually is even simpler. Real quick, if you are is even simpler. Real quick, if you are is even simpler. Real quick, if you are serious about AI, you have to start serious about AI, you have to start serious about AI, you have to start using Vector. Here is what our users using Vector. Here is what our users using Vector. Here is what our users say. I just installed Vector today after say. I just installed Vector today after say. I just installed Vector today after watching many of David's videos and holy watching many of David's videos and holy watching many of David's videos and holy crap, this tool is insane. Just tell it crap, this tool is insane. Just tell it crap, this tool is insane. Just tell it what to do and it does it. Move tasks what to do and it does it. Move tasks what to do and it does it. Move tasks around, simplifies things. It's really around, simplifies things. It's really around, simplifies things. It's really like having a personal assistant. And I like having a personal assistant. And I like having a personal assistant. And I haven't even gotten to trying out the haven't even gotten to trying out the haven't even gotten to trying out the agents yet. And by the way, this is just agents yet. And by the way, this is just agents yet. And by the way, this is just one of the 60,000 plus people that are one of the 60,000 plus people that are one of the 60,000 plus people that are currently using Vectal. And since you currently using Vectal. And since you currently using Vectal. And since you love NA10, let me give you exclusive love NA10, let me give you exclusive love NA10, let me give you exclusive sneak peek of a feature that we're sneak peek of a feature that we're sneak peek of a feature that we're releasing today called workflows. So releasing today called workflows. So releasing today called workflows. So inside of Veectal, on the right, you'll inside of Veectal, on the right, you'll inside of Veectal, on the right, you'll see a new button right here where you see a new button right here where you see a new button right here where you can access your workflows. Now, what are can access your workflows. Now, what are can access your workflows. Now, what are workflows? They're basically many workflows? They're basically many workflows? They're basically many automations inside of your Rectal. So, automations inside of your Rectal. So, automations inside of your Rectal. So, for example, you can have it run every 3 for example, you can have it run every 3 for example, you can have it run every 3 hours to create an idea. And the action hours to create an idea. And the action hours to create an idea. And the action could be create idea, how to get closer could be create idea, how to get closer could be create idea, how to get closer towards reaching my goals. Boom. Save towards reaching my goals. Boom. Save towards reaching my goals. Boom. Save the workflow and then in your idea inbox the workflow and then in your idea inbox the workflow and then in your idea inbox you can see every 5 minutes a new idea you can see every 5 minutes a new idea you can see every 5 minutes a new idea will appear how to get closer towards will appear how to get closer towards will appear how to get closer towards reaching your goals. And this is just reaching your goals. And this is just reaching your goals. And this is just one of many workflows you can create one of many workflows you can create one of many workflows you can create inside of vectal. Since you're already inside of vectal. Since you're already inside of vectal. Since you're already watching a video about building AI watching a video about building AI watching a video about building AI agents, I know you are a serious agents, I know you are a serious agents, I know you are a serious individual that wants to be as individual that wants to be as individual that wants to be as productive as possible. And trust me, productive as possible. And trust me, productive as possible. And trust me, you will love Vectal. This is an AI you will love Vectal. This is an AI you will love Vectal. This is an AI first productivity app that does your first productivity app that does your first productivity app that does your tasks for you. And the best part is you tasks for you. And the best part is you tasks for you. And the best part is you can try it completely for free. Just go can try it completely for free. Just go can try it completely for free. Just go to vectal.ai and sign up. All right. So to vectal.ai and sign up. All right. So to vectal.ai and sign up. All right. So for the voice agent, I decided to use for the voice agent, I decided to use for the voice agent, I decided to use retail. You can also use Vappy or any retail. You can also use Vappy or any retail. You can also use Vappy or any other alternative, but retail makes it other alternative, but retail makes it other alternative, but retail makes it super simple. So just click on try for super simple. So just click on try for super simple. So just click on try for free. And this is what we'll connect to free. And this is what we'll connect to free. And this is what we'll connect to our calendar agent right here to do the our calendar agent right here to do the our calendar agent right here to do the realistic human voice. So inside of realistic human voice. So inside of realistic human voice. So inside of retail, you can start without adding retail, you can start without adding retail, you can start without adding your payment. There's $10 for free. So your payment. There's $10 for free. So your payment. There's $10 for free. So on the top right, click on create agent, on the top right, click on create agent, on the top right, click on create agent, voice agent. Click on single prompt voice agent. Click on single prompt voice agent. Click on single prompt agent and start from blank. Create. The agent and start from blank. Create. The agent and start from blank. Create. The first thing we need to do is choose the first thing we need to do is choose the first thing we need to do is choose the model. So you can use GBT5 if you want model. So you can use GBT5 if you want model. So you can use GBT5 if you want maximum performance. If you want a bit maximum performance. If you want a bit maximum performance. If you want a bit faster, GBD5 mini is also great. So you faster, GBD5 mini is also great. So you faster, GBD5 mini is also great. So you can do the fast here. Boom. Then we need can do the fast here. Boom. Then we need can do the fast here. Boom. Then we need to set a system prompt. So I prepared a to set a system prompt. So I prepared a to set a system prompt. So I prepared a demo prompt for a barber. Again, feel demo prompt for a barber. Again, feel demo prompt for a barber. Again, feel free to pause and take it and modify it. free to pause and take it and modify it. free to pause and take it and modify it. But feel free to modify this for your But feel free to modify this for your But feel free to modify this for your own business. Right? This is going to be own business. Right? This is going to be own business. Right? This is going to be just a random stuff for a barber shop. just a random stuff for a barber shop. just a random stuff for a barber shop. So unless you're running a barber shop, So unless you're running a barber shop, So unless you're running a barber shop, it's probably not going to be directly it's probably not going to be directly it's probably not going to be directly relevant to you. But you can have a relevant to you. But you can have a relevant to you. But you can have a voice agent managing your calendar, voice agent managing your calendar, voice agent managing your calendar, doing your emails, whatever you want it doing your emails, whatever you want it doing your emails, whatever you want it to do. So then click on save. Scroll to do. So then click on save. Scroll to do. So then click on save. Scroll down below the prompt and make sure to down below the prompt and make sure to down below the prompt and make sure to select AI speaks first. Then select select AI speaks first. Then select select AI speaks first. Then select custom message. This will ensure that custom message. This will ensure that custom message. This will ensure that the AI agent always starts the the AI agent always starts the the AI agent always starts the conversation and doesn't wait for the conversation and doesn't wait for the conversation and doesn't wait for the human input. Next up, let's go to speech human input. Next up, let's go to speech human input. Next up, let's go to speech settings right here and let's select the settings right here and let's select the settings right here and let's select the background noise. This is very important background noise. This is very important background noise. This is very important to making it sound super realistic. You to making it sound super realistic. You to making it sound super realistic. You can choose any of these. Uh I think can choose any of these. Uh I think can choose any of these. Uh I think coffee shop is the best one. But the coffee shop is the best one. But the coffee shop is the best one. But the most important is this functions right most important is this functions right most important is this functions right here. This is where we can connect our here. This is where we can connect our here. This is where we can connect our voice agent to our NAT agent right here. voice agent to our NAT agent right here. voice agent to our NAT agent right here. So click on add. Click on custom So click on add. Click on custom So click on add. Click on custom function. Name it calendar agent. Give function. Name it calendar agent. Give function. Name it calendar agent. Give it a clear description such as this tool it a clear description such as this tool it a clear description such as this tool is to check the available times on the is to check the available times on the is to check the available times on the users's calendar. After giving the users's calendar. After giving the users's calendar. After giving the available times, this tool will be used available times, this tool will be used available times, this tool will be used again to book the available time slot. again to book the available time slot. again to book the available time slot. Now, as far as the endpoint, this is Now, as far as the endpoint, this is Now, as far as the endpoint, this is where we need to go back into any click where we need to go back into any click where we need to go back into any click on the original web hook trigger. Click on the original web hook trigger. Click on the original web hook trigger. Click on production URL. Copy this. Just click on production URL. Copy this. Just click on production URL. Copy this. Just click on that. Go back to retail and paste it on that. Go back to retail and paste it on that. Go back to retail and paste it in here. And then scroll all the way in here. And then scroll all the way in here. And then scroll all the way down and enable speak during execution down and enable speak during execution down and enable speak during execution and disable speak after execution. And and disable speak after execution. And and disable speak after execution. And just like that, we've connected our two just like that, we've connected our two just like that, we've connected our two AI agents. It wasn't hard at all. Now, AI agents. It wasn't hard at all. Now, AI agents. It wasn't hard at all. Now, before we test it out, let me also show before we test it out, let me also show before we test it out, let me also show you how to select the different voices, you how to select the different voices, you how to select the different voices, right? So, here we can select between 11 right? So, here we can select between 11 right? So, here we can select between 11 labs, OpenAI, Cartisia. You can go labs, OpenAI, Cartisia. You can go labs, OpenAI, Cartisia. You can go through these. There's like dozens. Um, through these. There's like dozens. Um, through these. There's like dozens. Um, if you want like a middle-aged, old, if you want like a middle-aged, old, if you want like a middle-aged, old, young, male, female, English, Australian young, male, female, English, Australian young, male, female, English, Australian accent, Indian accent, whatever you accent, Indian accent, whatever you accent, Indian accent, whatever you want, they have it all here. But more want, they have it all here. But more want, they have it all here. But more important than the voice is the important than the voice is the important than the voice is the finetuning of the model. So, this is the finetuning of the model. So, this is the finetuning of the model. So, this is the voice model that's powering it. So by voice model that's powering it. So by voice model that's powering it. So by auto it's 11 laps turbo V2. This is very auto it's 11 laps turbo V2. This is very auto it's 11 laps turbo V2. This is very decent. You can also use the V2.5 if you decent. You can also use the V2.5 if you decent. You can also use the V2.5 if you want even faster. The flash is the want even faster. The flash is the want even faster. The flash is the fastest one. But uh then you want to fastest one. But uh then you want to fastest one. But uh then you want to customize the voice speed. I recommend customize the voice speed. I recommend customize the voice speed. I recommend going like 1.1 otherwise it's too fast. going like 1.1 otherwise it's too fast. going like 1.1 otherwise it's too fast. Default is also fine. Voice temperature. Default is also fine. Voice temperature. Default is also fine. Voice temperature. This is how emotional or column it This is how emotional or column it This is how emotional or column it should be. I think for businesses a bit should be. I think for businesses a bit should be. I think for businesses a bit on the colmer side works well. And the on the colmer side works well. And the on the colmer side works well. And the volume you can do a bit louder. These volume you can do a bit louder. These volume you can do a bit louder. These settings I would recommend for most settings I would recommend for most settings I would recommend for most voice agents. So click on save. All voice agents. So click on save. All voice agents. So click on save. All right. All right, let me show you a right. All right, let me show you a right. All right, let me show you a quick demo of the voice agent. First of quick demo of the voice agent. First of quick demo of the voice agent. First of all, we have to enable the automation all, we have to enable the automation all, we have to enable the automation inside of NA then. So, enable it that inside of NA then. So, enable it that inside of NA then. So, enable it that way it's active right here at the top. way it's active right here at the top. way it's active right here at the top. Switch back to retail and we're going to Switch back to retail and we're going to Switch back to retail and we're going to start the test audio right here. By the start the test audio right here. By the start the test audio right here. By the way, let me show you. Calendar has way, let me show you. Calendar has way, let me show you. Calendar has nothing at 3 p.m. So, actually, first nothing at 3 p.m. So, actually, first nothing at 3 p.m. So, actually, first I'm going to ask about 2 p.m. to see if I'm going to ask about 2 p.m. to see if I'm going to ask about 2 p.m. to see if it finds this event and if it declines it finds this event and if it declines it finds this event and if it declines and then it's going to suggest and then it's going to suggest and then it's going to suggest alternatives. Let's see. This is alternatives. Let's see. This is alternatives. Let's see. This is powerful. It can do a lot. Let me show powerful. It can do a lot. Let me show powerful. It can do a lot. Let me show you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Hello. How can I help you today? Uh, I need to book a haircut for Uh, I need to book a haircut for Uh, I need to book a haircut for tomorrow at 2 p.m. Are you available? tomorrow at 2 p.m. Are you available? tomorrow at 2 p.m. Are you available? &gt;&gt; Let me check availability for tomorrow &gt;&gt; Let me check availability for tomorrow &gt;&gt; Let me check availability for tomorrow at 2 p.m. for a haircut. Mister, 2 p.m. at 2 p.m. for a haircut. Mister, 2 p.m. at 2 p.m. for a haircut. Mister, 2 p.m. tomorrow isn't free. Here are the next tomorrow isn't free. Here are the next tomorrow isn't free. Here are the next openings. 3:00, 3:45 p.m., 4:45, 5:30 openings. 3:00, 3:45 p.m., 4:45, 5:30 openings. 3:00, 3:45 p.m., 4:45, 5:30 p.m., 8:45, 9:30 p.m. Which time would p.m., 8:45, 9:30 p.m. Which time would p.m., 8:45, 9:30 p.m. Which time would you like? you like? you like? &gt;&gt; Okay, I guess let's do the 3 p.m. &gt;&gt; Okay, I guess let's do the 3 p.m. &gt;&gt; Okay, I guess let's do the 3 p.m. &gt;&gt; Booking the haircut tomorrow at 3 p.m. &gt;&gt; Booking the haircut tomorrow at 3 p.m. &gt;&gt; Booking the haircut tomorrow at 3 p.m. for 45 minutes. for 45 minutes. for 45 minutes. &gt;&gt; Boom. There we go. and it booked the &gt;&gt; Boom. There we go. and it booked the &gt;&gt; Boom. There we go. and it booked the haircut. So even if I it checked my haircut. So even if I it checked my haircut. So even if I it checked my calendar, it see okay, I have vector calendar, it see okay, I have vector calendar, it see okay, I have vector call at 2 p.m. and it rejected it and it call at 2 p.m. and it rejected it and it call at 2 p.m. and it rejected it and it successfully booked it at 3 p.m. So we successfully booked it at 3 p.m. So we successfully booked it at 3 p.m. So we can see the executions here in NA10. can see the executions here in NA10. can see the executions here in NA10. First it ran the get many right the get First it ran the get many right the get First it ran the get many right the get many tool to see our calendar to check many tool to see our calendar to check many tool to see our calendar to check what are the three slots and then it do what are the three slots and then it do what are the three slots and then it do use the create tool create event to add use the create tool create event to add use the create tool create event to add the tool into my calendar at the correct the tool into my calendar at the correct the tool into my calendar at the correct time and you can use this for yourself time and you can use this for yourself time and you can use this for yourself for your internal team automation and for your internal team automation and for your internal team automation and you know internal usage or you can you know internal usage or you can you know internal usage or you can actually profit with this by selling it actually profit with this by selling it actually profit with this by selling it to companies because every single to companies because every single to companies because every single company in the next five years will want company in the next five years will want company in the next five years will want to add this especially brick and mortar to add this especially brick and mortar to add this especially brick and mortar companies. So you might be thinking, companies. So you might be thinking, companies. So you might be thinking, okay, David, but how do I actually make okay, David, but how do I actually make okay, David, but how do I actually make money with this? Well, you should money with this? Well, you should money with this? Well, you should specialize in one niche and ideally a specialize in one niche and ideally a specialize in one niche and ideally a niche that you understand. Could be niche that you understand. Could be niche that you understand. Could be consulting, could be coffee shops, consulting, could be coffee shops, consulting, could be coffee shops, mechanics, barbers, whatever you have mechanics, barbers, whatever you have mechanics, barbers, whatever you have some experience or some passion or you some experience or some passion or you some experience or some passion or you can resonate to them, target that niche. can resonate to them, target that niche. can resonate to them, target that niche. Plus, if you specialize on one niche, Plus, if you specialize on one niche, Plus, if you specialize on one niche, you can build pre-built agents for that you can build pre-built agents for that you can build pre-built agents for that niche. So, you can literally build it, niche. So, you can literally build it, niche. So, you can literally build it, have it 80% done, and then just sell it have it 80% done, and then just sell it have it 80% done, and then just sell it to that niche, customize the last 20% so to that niche, customize the last 20% so to that niche, customize the last 20% so it's relevant to them, right? Like we it's relevant to them, right? Like we it's relevant to them, right? Like we here we have some like fake name, here we have some like fake name, here we have some like fake name, sharplook, barber shop, stuff like that. sharplook, barber shop, stuff like that. sharplook, barber shop, stuff like that. But if you target one niche, you save But if you target one niche, you save But if you target one niche, you save yourself so much time. You can customize yourself so much time. You can customize yourself so much time. You can customize your marketing, customize your your marketing, customize your your marketing, customize your targeting, customize your messaging, targeting, customize your messaging, targeting, customize your messaging, your offer to that niche. And since the your offer to that niche. And since the your offer to that niche. And since the perceived value of voice agents is much perceived value of voice agents is much perceived value of voice agents is much higher than just a chatbot icon in the, higher than just a chatbot icon in the, higher than just a chatbot icon in the, you know, bottom of website. Let's be you know, bottom of website. Let's be you know, bottom of website. Let's be honest, everybody hates those AI chatbot honest, everybody hates those AI chatbot honest, everybody hates those AI chatbot icons. Everybody wants to talk to a icons. Everybody wants to talk to a icons. Everybody wants to talk to a human. And the reason is because people human. And the reason is because people human. And the reason is because people execute them terribly, right? They don't execute them terribly, right? They don't execute them terribly, right? They don't know what you're doing. They are not know what you're doing. They are not know what you're doing. They are not watching this channel. They're not watching this channel. They're not watching this channel. They're not locked in. They're not paying attention. locked in. They're not paying attention. locked in. They're not paying attention. They don't know what the latest and They don't know what the latest and They don't know what the latest and greatest models are. So, people hate greatest models are. So, people hate greatest models are. So, people hate these chat bots. But a voice agent has a these chat bots. But a voice agent has a these chat bots. But a voice agent has a much higher perceived value. And if much higher perceived value. And if much higher perceived value. And if you're really locked in, you can even you're really locked in, you can even you're really locked in, you can even build an agent that will create the build an agent that will create the build an agent that will create the custom prompts for each new business custom prompts for each new business custom prompts for each new business that you're onboarding. So, you can that you're onboarding. So, you can that you're onboarding. So, you can automate most of the custom work as automate most of the custom work as automate most of the custom work as well. And as I showed you earlier, just well. And as I showed you earlier, just well. And as I showed you earlier, just with a few minutes of browsing Upwork, with a few minutes of browsing Upwork, with a few minutes of browsing Upwork, there is hundreds of different companies there is hundreds of different companies there is hundreds of different companies looking. And you can see posted two days looking. And you can see posted two days looking. And you can see posted two days ago, posted three days ago, 5 days ago, ago, posted three days ago, 5 days ago, ago, posted three days ago, 5 days ago, people are willing to pay thousands of people are willing to pay thousands of people are willing to pay thousands of dollars for voice agents. So, if you're dollars for voice agents. So, if you're dollars for voice agents. So, if you're still not building voice agents in 2025, still not building voice agents in 2025, still not building voice agents in 2025, please use this as the proof you need to please use this as the proof you need to please use this as the proof you need to get started. I've showed you everything. get started. I've showed you everything. get started. I've showed you everything. I've showed you how to build it in NA10, I've showed you how to build it in NA10, I've showed you how to build it in NA10, how to connect it to retail, and how to how to connect it to retail, and how to how to connect it to retail, and how to set it up on Hostinger. You watch the set it up on Hostinger. You watch the set it up on Hostinger. You watch the video, you know what to do. Now, it's video, you know what to do. Now, it's video, you know what to do. Now, it's time to take action. And Hostinger makes time to take action. And Hostinger makes time to take action. And Hostinger makes the deploying super easy and super the deploying super easy and super the deploying super easy and super affordable as well. Again, thank you affordable as well. Again, thank you affordable as well. Again, thank you Hostinger for sponsoring this video. Hostinger for sponsoring this video. Hostinger for sponsoring this video. Make sure to use my link below. Use the Make sure to use my link below. Use the Make sure to use my link below. Use the code David to save additional 10% off. code David to save additional 10% off. code David to save additional 10% off. And with that being said, thank you guys And with that being said, thank you guys And with that being said, thank you guys for watching and have a wonderful, for watching and have a wonderful, for watching and have a wonderful, productive week.
