Title: OpenAI just destroyed 100 startups… yours is next
Channel: David Ondrej
======================================================================

Your favorite nonprofit is becoming a Your favorite nonprofit is becoming a Your favorite nonprofit is becoming a monopoly. OpenAI is now worth $500 monopoly. OpenAI is now worth $500 monopoly. OpenAI is now worth $500 billion. They just signed deals with billion. They just signed deals with billion. They just signed deals with Nvidia, Oracle, and AMD. They're Nvidia, Oracle, and AMD. They're Nvidia, Oracle, and AMD. They're consuming more energy than a small consuming more energy than a small consuming more energy than a small country, and they replaced your startup country, and they replaced your startup country, and they replaced your startup before you even start it. And they're before you even start it. And they're before you even start it. And they're going to do it with the Chad GBD going to do it with the Chad GBD going to do it with the Chad GBD ecosystem. See, OpenI plans to build ecosystem. See, OpenI plans to build ecosystem. See, OpenI plans to build Chat GBD into the Everything app, making Chat GBD into the Everything app, making Chat GBD into the Everything app, making sure that us, the users, never leave the sure that us, the users, never leave the sure that us, the users, never leave the comforts of the chat. During their comforts of the chat. During their comforts of the chat. During their recent dev day, they announced apps SDK. recent dev day, they announced apps SDK. recent dev day, they announced apps SDK. This allows Chad GBD to use any app or This allows Chad GBD to use any app or This allows Chad GBD to use any app or website on the internet. So, they're not website on the internet. So, they're not website on the internet. So, they're not just trying to become the next browser. just trying to become the next browser. just trying to become the next browser. They want Chad GBD to be the next They want Chad GBD to be the next They want Chad GBD to be the next operating system. Oh, and they also operating system. Oh, and they also operating system. Oh, and they also released agent kit, which is a brand new released agent kit, which is a brand new released agent kit, which is a brand new way of building AI agents. It's way of building AI agents. It's way of building AI agents. It's basically their own version of NA10. basically their own version of NA10. basically their own version of NA10. Yeah, OpenAI is showing total Yeah, OpenAI is showing total Yeah, OpenAI is showing total domination. CHGBT recently reached 800 domination. CHGBT recently reached 800 domination. CHGBT recently reached 800 million weekly active users. Also, their million weekly active users. Also, their million weekly active users. Also, their recent 500 billion valuation puts them recent 500 billion valuation puts them recent 500 billion valuation puts them ahead of SpaceX, making OpenAI the most ahead of SpaceX, making OpenAI the most ahead of SpaceX, making OpenAI the most valuable startup in the world. And now valuable startup in the world. And now valuable startup in the world. And now they want to take over the entire they want to take over the entire they want to take over the entire internet. This is the map of all of the internet. This is the map of all of the internet. This is the map of all of the companies that OpenAI is working with. companies that OpenAI is working with. companies that OpenAI is working with. It feels like every month they're It feels like every month they're It feels like every month they're signing a new multiund billion deal and signing a new multiund billion deal and signing a new multiund billion deal and this is what's making them unstoppable. this is what's making them unstoppable. this is what's making them unstoppable. So, OpenAI has a ruthless strategy that So, OpenAI has a ruthless strategy that So, OpenAI has a ruthless strategy that not enough people are talking about and not enough people are talking about and not enough people are talking about and this is how they replace startups and this is how they replace startups and this is how they replace startups and how they choose which startups to how they choose which startups to how they choose which startups to replace. They make their AI models replace. They make their AI models replace. They make their AI models available through their OpenAI API and available through their OpenAI API and available through their OpenAI API and then they watch carefully what others then they watch carefully what others then they watch carefully what others build, what features, what products, build, what features, what products, build, what features, what products, what services you create powered by what services you create powered by what services you create powered by their own AI models. And then, and this their own AI models. And then, and this their own AI models. And then, and this is the ruthless part, they attack and is the ruthless part, they attack and is the ruthless part, they attack and replace the startups with the most replace the startups with the most replace the startups with the most revenue growth. the startups that reach revenue growth. the startups that reach revenue growth. the startups that reach product market fit and have the fastest product market fit and have the fastest product market fit and have the fastest growth. That's where OpenAI comes in and growth. That's where OpenAI comes in and growth. That's where OpenAI comes in and they build their own version of the same they build their own version of the same they build their own version of the same product or service. And the man behind product or service. And the man behind product or service. And the man behind the strategy is of course Sam Alman, the the strategy is of course Sam Alman, the the strategy is of course Sam Alman, the CEO of OpenAI. Now, love him or hate CEO of OpenAI. Now, love him or hate CEO of OpenAI. Now, love him or hate him, Sam Olman is one of the greatest him, Sam Olman is one of the greatest him, Sam Olman is one of the greatest entrepreneurs of this generation. Nobody entrepreneurs of this generation. Nobody entrepreneurs of this generation. Nobody can dispute that. He's the CEO of a 500 can dispute that. He's the CEO of a 500 can dispute that. He's the CEO of a 500 billion company. He's front running a billion company. He's front running a billion company. He's front running a entire technological revolution, entire technological revolution, entire technological revolution, probably the biggest technology shift in probably the biggest technology shift in probably the biggest technology shift in the history of humanity. And he's doing the history of humanity. And he's doing the history of humanity. And he's doing all of that while being just 40 years all of that while being just 40 years all of that while being just 40 years old. And it's not like there's no old. And it's not like there's no old. And it's not like there's no competition. He's competing with some of competition. He's competing with some of competition. He's competing with some of the greatest entrepreneurs of all time. the greatest entrepreneurs of all time. the greatest entrepreneurs of all time. Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page. Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page. Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page. These are some of the most successful These are some of the most successful These are some of the most successful and most powerful people in the world. and most powerful people in the world. and most powerful people in the world. Yet Sam still seems to be winning. So Yet Sam still seems to be winning. So Yet Sam still seems to be winning. So here's the plan. I'll show you how here's the plan. I'll show you how here's the plan. I'll show you how people like me and you can actually people like me and you can actually people like me and you can actually benefit from this OpenAI takeover thanks benefit from this OpenAI takeover thanks benefit from this OpenAI takeover thanks to the apps SDK. We'll also look at how to the apps SDK. We'll also look at how to the apps SDK. We'll also look at how to build a agents with the new agent kit to build a agents with the new agent kit to build a agents with the new agent kit because this is a completely new era as because this is a completely new era as because this is a completely new era as well as how it compares to NA10 make.com well as how it compares to NA10 make.com well as how it compares to NA10 make.com and Zapier. And and this is my favorite and Zapier. And and this is my favorite and Zapier. And and this is my favorite part will break down how OpenAI was able part will break down how OpenAI was able part will break down how OpenAI was able to ship a multi-year project, a project to ship a multi-year project, a project to ship a multi-year project, a project that would take other companies five that would take other companies five that would take other companies five plus years in just 6 weeks thanks to plus years in just 6 weeks thanks to plus years in just 6 weeks thanks to their new codec. So, first here is Sam their new codec. So, first here is Sam their new codec. So, first here is Sam introducing the apps SDK. introducing the apps SDK. introducing the apps SDK. &gt;&gt; Today we're launching the apps SDK. With &gt;&gt; Today we're launching the apps SDK. With &gt;&gt; Today we're launching the apps SDK. With the apps SDK, you get the full stack. the apps SDK, you get the full stack. the apps SDK, you get the full stack. You can connect your data, trigger You can connect your data, trigger You can connect your data, trigger actions, render a fully interactive UI, actions, render a fully interactive UI, actions, render a fully interactive UI, and more. When you build with the apps and more. When you build with the apps and more. When you build with the apps SDK, your apps can reach hundreds of SDK, your apps can reach hundreds of SDK, your apps can reach hundreds of millions of ChatGBT users. Basically, millions of ChatGBT users. Basically, millions of ChatGBT users. Basically, Chad GBT is becoming an app store. The Chad GBT is becoming an app store. The Chad GBT is becoming an app store. The apps SDK clearly shows us how OpenAI apps SDK clearly shows us how OpenAI apps SDK clearly shows us how OpenAI plans to take over the internet. Their plans to take over the internet. Their plans to take over the internet. Their goal is for the average person, the goal is for the average person, the goal is for the average person, the typical user to do everything from typical user to do everything from typical user to do everything from ChaiBT. So, you won't go to booking.com ChaiBT. So, you won't go to booking.com ChaiBT. So, you won't go to booking.com to book your hotel. You'll do it by to book your hotel. You'll do it by to book your hotel. You'll do it by asking CHBT. And that way, you never asking CHBT. And that way, you never asking CHBT. And that way, you never leave the website. Now, this can either leave the website. Now, this can either leave the website. Now, this can either make or break your business depending on make or break your business depending on make or break your business depending on what strategy you take. what strategy you take. what strategy you take. &gt;&gt; When someone's using chatbt, you'll be &gt;&gt; When someone's using chatbt, you'll be &gt;&gt; When someone's using chatbt, you'll be able to find an app by asking for it by able to find an app by asking for it by able to find an app by asking for it by name. For example, you could sketch out name. For example, you could sketch out name. For example, you could sketch out a product flow for chatbt and then say, a product flow for chatbt and then say, a product flow for chatbt and then say, "Figma, turn the sketch into a workable "Figma, turn the sketch into a workable "Figma, turn the sketch into a workable diagram. We're also making apps diagram. We're also making apps diagram. We're also making apps discoverable right in the conversation. discoverable right in the conversation. discoverable right in the conversation. When a user asks for something, we can When a user asks for something, we can When a user asks for something, we can surface a relevant app as a surface a relevant app as a surface a relevant app as a recommendation." recommendation." recommendation." &gt;&gt; Now, let's look at the bright side &gt;&gt; Now, let's look at the bright side &gt;&gt; Now, let's look at the bright side because maybe the move isn't to fight because maybe the move isn't to fight because maybe the move isn't to fight OpenAI. Maybe the move is to join them OpenAI. Maybe the move is to join them OpenAI. Maybe the move is to join them and benefit from their rise. So all of and benefit from their rise. So all of and benefit from their rise. So all of us that have a product or website, we us that have a product or website, we us that have a product or website, we can take the product and using the app's can take the product and using the app's can take the product and using the app's SDK build a CH GBT native app. This will SDK build a CH GBT native app. This will SDK build a CH GBT native app. This will allow you to tap the 800 plus million allow you to tap the 800 plus million allow you to tap the 800 plus million weekly active users who can now discover weekly active users who can now discover weekly active users who can now discover your business right from CH GBT. But your business right from CH GBT. But your business right from CH GBT. But apps SDK is just the beginning because apps SDK is just the beginning because apps SDK is just the beginning because OpenAI also released agent kit. OpenAI also released agent kit. OpenAI also released agent kit. &gt;&gt; Agent Kit is a complete set of building &gt;&gt; Agent Kit is a complete set of building &gt;&gt; Agent Kit is a complete set of building blocks available in the OpenAI platform blocks available in the OpenAI platform blocks available in the OpenAI platform designed to help you take agents from designed to help you take agents from designed to help you take agents from prototype to production. It is prototype to production. It is prototype to production. It is everything you need to build, deploy, everything you need to build, deploy, everything you need to build, deploy, and optimize agentic workflows. and optimize agentic workflows. and optimize agentic workflows. &gt;&gt; Here is the craziest part. Agent Kit was &gt;&gt; Here is the craziest part. Agent Kit was &gt;&gt; Here is the craziest part. Agent Kit was built in 6 weeks. That's right. This built in 6 weeks. That's right. This built in 6 weeks. That's right. This entire platform that allows you to build entire platform that allows you to build entire platform that allows you to build and deploy AI agents was developed in and deploy AI agents was developed in and deploy AI agents was developed in just 6 weeks. This is the power of AI. just 6 weeks. This is the power of AI. just 6 weeks. This is the power of AI. And as Signal says here, this is truly And as Signal says here, this is truly And as Signal says here, this is truly ridiculous. If you're a startup, you ridiculous. If you're a startup, you ridiculous. If you're a startup, you might think, okay, I'm not going to play might think, okay, I'm not going to play might think, okay, I'm not going to play the same game or I'm going to work 96 the same game or I'm going to work 96 the same game or I'm going to work 96 127. But the truth is you will never 127. But the truth is you will never 127. But the truth is you will never outship AI. If you refuse to use AI outship AI. If you refuse to use AI outship AI. If you refuse to use AI tools like Codex, you will simply lose. tools like Codex, you will simply lose. tools like Codex, you will simply lose. That is the cold hard truth. And OpenAI That is the cold hard truth. And OpenAI That is the cold hard truth. And OpenAI just walk the walk. They just just walk the walk. They just just walk the walk. They just demonstrated how fast you can move demonstrated how fast you can move demonstrated how fast you can move thanks to AI agents like Codex, which by thanks to AI agents like Codex, which by thanks to AI agents like Codex, which by the way also got major updates, which the way also got major updates, which the way also got major updates, which we'll cover in a bit. Now, that fact we'll cover in a bit. Now, that fact we'll cover in a bit. Now, that fact that they shipped it in just 6 weeks, that they shipped it in just 6 weeks, that they shipped it in just 6 weeks, becomes that much crazier when you becomes that much crazier when you becomes that much crazier when you realize that agent kit involves another realize that agent kit involves another realize that agent kit involves another tool named chatkit. The second thing is tool named chatkit. The second thing is tool named chatkit. The second thing is chatkit. We're making it easy to bring chatkit. We're making it easy to bring chatkit. We're making it easy to bring great chat experiences right into your great chat experiences right into your great chat experiences right into your own apps. You get a simple embeddible own apps. You get a simple embeddible own apps. You get a simple embeddible chat interface that you can make your chat interface that you can make your chat interface that you can make your own. You can bring your own brand, your own. You can bring your own brand, your own. You can bring your own brand, your own workflows, whatever makes your own own workflows, whatever makes your own own workflows, whatever makes your own product unique. And you can see in the product unique. And you can see in the product unique. And you can see in the video here how chat can work across each video here how chat can work across each video here how chat can work across each agent node and call on tools to form the agent node and call on tools to form the agent node and call on tools to form the best response. So the way to understand best response. So the way to understand best response. So the way to understand chatkit is that you can now have CHIGBT chatkit is that you can now have CHIGBT chatkit is that you can now have CHIGBT in your site. So if you don't want to in your site. So if you don't want to in your site. So if you don't want to take the strategy of building a app with take the strategy of building a app with take the strategy of building a app with apps SDK and putting that into CHBT, you apps SDK and putting that into CHBT, you apps SDK and putting that into CHBT, you can still benefit from CIGBD by can still benefit from CIGBD by can still benefit from CIGBD by embedding it into your site. So chatkit embedding it into your site. So chatkit embedding it into your site. So chatkit gives you a readymade chat interface. gives you a readymade chat interface. gives you a readymade chat interface. You can customize and add into your You can customize and add into your You can customize and add into your website or your app. So just look at website or your app. So just look at website or your app. So just look at some of these examples on the right. some of these examples on the right. some of these examples on the right. These are called widgets and you can These are called widgets and you can These are called widgets and you can have these directly in the chat have these directly in the chat have these directly in the chat interface. So these can be outputed and interface. So these can be outputed and interface. So these can be outputed and interacted by CH GBD. So it's not just interacted by CH GBD. So it's not just interacted by CH GBD. So it's not just pure text and it's very clear that pure text and it's very clear that pure text and it's very clear that OpenAI is trying to move away from just OpenAI is trying to move away from just OpenAI is trying to move away from just being text right like large language being text right like large language being text right like large language models next token prediction these are models next token prediction these are models next token prediction these are paradigms that are inherently limiting paradigms that are inherently limiting paradigms that are inherently limiting text is great it's better than nothing text is great it's better than nothing text is great it's better than nothing but it's the biggest issue with all of but it's the biggest issue with all of but it's the biggest issue with all of this chat user interface right just this chat user interface right just this chat user interface right just having text we need another modality having text we need another modality having text we need another modality whether it's images audio voice video or whether it's images audio voice video or whether it's images audio voice video or these custom UI elements also known as these custom UI elements also known as these custom UI elements also known as widgets so let's look at how OpenAI was widgets so let's look at how OpenAI was widgets so let's look at how OpenAI was able to do all of this in just 6 weeks able to do all of this in just 6 weeks able to do all of this in just 6 weeks And that is thanks to Codex. And that is thanks to Codex. And that is thanks to Codex. &gt;&gt; Earlier this year, we launched a &gt;&gt; Earlier this year, we launched a &gt;&gt; Earlier this year, we launched a research preview of Codeex. It works research preview of Codeex. It works research preview of Codeex. It works everywhere you code. Now, your chat GBT everywhere you code. Now, your chat GBT everywhere you code. Now, your chat GBT account connects everything so you can account connects everything so you can account connects everything so you can move your work seamlessly between your move your work seamlessly between your move your work seamlessly between your tools. We've released a ton of new tools. We've released a ton of new tools. We've released a ton of new features for Codeex and it now runs on features for Codeex and it now runs on features for Codeex and it now runs on the new GPT5 codeex model, a version of the new GPT5 codeex model, a version of the new GPT5 codeex model, a version of GPT5 purposely trained for codeex and GPT5 purposely trained for codeex and GPT5 purposely trained for codeex and Aenta coding. This model is better at Aenta coding. This model is better at Aenta coding. This model is better at tasks like code refactoring and code tasks like code refactoring and code tasks like code refactoring and code review and it can dynamically adjust its review and it can dynamically adjust its review and it can dynamically adjust its thinking time for the complexity of the thinking time for the complexity of the thinking time for the complexity of the task. a new codeex SDK so that you can task. a new codeex SDK so that you can task. a new codeex SDK so that you can extend and automate codecs in your extend and automate codecs in your extend and automate codecs in your team's own workflows. team's own workflows. team's own workflows. &gt;&gt; So I know a lot of softwares are are &gt;&gt; So I know a lot of softwares are are &gt;&gt; So I know a lot of softwares are are claiming to be the cloth code killer but claiming to be the cloth code killer but claiming to be the cloth code killer but Codex is the only one that actually has Codex is the only one that actually has Codex is the only one that actually has any validity to this statement. So if any validity to this statement. So if any validity to this statement. So if you don't know Codex is OpenAI's coding you don't know Codex is OpenAI's coding you don't know Codex is OpenAI's coding agent and it got upgraded yet again. Now agent and it got upgraded yet again. Now agent and it got upgraded yet again. Now I would say it was already the best I would say it was already the best I would say it was already the best because I use it more than CL code and I because I use it more than CL code and I because I use it more than CL code and I trust it way more than Cloud Code at the trust it way more than Cloud Code at the trust it way more than Cloud Code at the moment. But now it got another major moment. But now it got another major moment. But now it got another major upgrade and that's because OpenAI upgrade and that's because OpenAI upgrade and that's because OpenAI released Codex SDK and this allows me released Codex SDK and this allows me released Codex SDK and this allows me and you to see inside the agent and you to see inside the agent and you to see inside the agent framework. So unlike Enthropic which framework. So unlike Enthropic which framework. So unlike Enthropic which they're refusing to make cloud code open they're refusing to make cloud code open they're refusing to make cloud code open source, OpenAI just made Codex source, OpenAI just made Codex source, OpenAI just made Codex completely open source. So we can look completely open source. So we can look completely open source. So we can look inside, we can see the prompting inside, we can see the prompting inside, we can see the prompting techniques, the agent orchestration and techniques, the agent orchestration and techniques, the agent orchestration and what it takes to build a powerful coding what it takes to build a powerful coding what it takes to build a powerful coding agent like Codex. So basically now Codex agent like Codex. So basically now Codex agent like Codex. So basically now Codex can do everything from pull request can do everything from pull request can do everything from pull request reviews to long running refactors reviews to long running refactors reviews to long running refactors literally multiple hours to working on literally multiple hours to working on literally multiple hours to working on 20 plus tasks asynchronously in the 20 plus tasks asynchronously in the 20 plus tasks asynchronously in the cloud. It really is the ultimate coding cloud. It really is the ultimate coding cloud. It really is the ultimate coding AI agent. But first of all, if we go AI agent. But first of all, if we go AI agent. But first of all, if we go back to our app right here, let's see if back to our app right here, let's see if back to our app right here, let's see if we can actually control this camera now we can actually control this camera now we can actually control this camera now with this Xbox controller. There we go. with this Xbox controller. There we go. with this Xbox controller. There we go. It works. It works. It works. That's pretty awesome. What's funny is That's pretty awesome. What's funny is That's pretty awesome. What's funny is like I didn't even specify to Codex like I didn't even specify to Codex like I didn't even specify to Codex which button should do what, but it which button should do what, but it which button should do what, but it figured that the joystick was probably a figured that the joystick was probably a figured that the joystick was probably a good idea. So that's that's actually good idea. So that's that's actually good idea. So that's that's actually perfect. perfect. perfect. &gt;&gt; Now we have to address something &gt;&gt; Now we have to address something &gt;&gt; Now we have to address something uncomfortable because during the live uncomfortable because during the live uncomfortable because during the live stream, OpenI tried very hard to hide stream, OpenI tried very hard to hide stream, OpenI tried very hard to hide the most obvious takeaway and that is the most obvious takeaway and that is the most obvious takeaway and that is all of these improvements and all of these improvements and all of these improvements and advancements have a real cost to the advancements have a real cost to the advancements have a real cost to the people who do not adapt, the people who people who do not adapt, the people who people who do not adapt, the people who don't pay attention, right? Not don't pay attention, right? Not don't pay attention, right? Not everybody watches videos like this one. everybody watches videos like this one. everybody watches videos like this one. Not everybody is paying attention to the Not everybody is paying attention to the Not everybody is paying attention to the latest AI advancements. And the truth is latest AI advancements. And the truth is latest AI advancements. And the truth is is that those people their jobs will be is that those people their jobs will be is that those people their jobs will be replaced. You could see it throughout replaced. You could see it throughout replaced. You could see it throughout this presentation if you actually paid this presentation if you actually paid this presentation if you actually paid attention in multiple different roles. attention in multiple different roles. attention in multiple different roles. Camera operators, the light technicians, Camera operators, the light technicians, Camera operators, the light technicians, translators, radiologists, teachers, translators, radiologists, teachers, translators, radiologists, teachers, real estate agents, tour guides. I mean real estate agents, tour guides. I mean real estate agents, tour guides. I mean they literally showed how they would they literally showed how they would they literally showed how they would replace all the tour guides in replace all the tour guides in replace all the tour guides in Versailles in Paris. All of those jobs Versailles in Paris. All of those jobs Versailles in Paris. All of those jobs will be done better with AI. Now will be done better with AI. Now will be done better with AI. Now obviously open will never say this but obviously open will never say this but obviously open will never say this but anybody who spends 5 seconds thinking anybody who spends 5 seconds thinking anybody who spends 5 seconds thinking about it will realize that we only have about it will realize that we only have about it will realize that we only have two choices. Either adapt or get two choices. Either adapt or get two choices. Either adapt or get replaced. Now to make you even more replaced. Now to make you even more replaced. Now to make you even more uncomfortable there's going to be a uncomfortable there's going to be a uncomfortable there's going to be a complete divide of how AI impacts you. complete divide of how AI impacts you. complete divide of how AI impacts you. People with high IQ will become People with high IQ will become People with high IQ will become superhuman. You'll be able to automate superhuman. You'll be able to automate superhuman. You'll be able to automate all the repetitive with AI agents all the repetitive with AI agents all the repetitive with AI agents and you'll be able to build stuff, build and you'll be able to build stuff, build and you'll be able to build stuff, build custom software 50 times faster than you custom software 50 times faster than you custom software 50 times faster than you could otherwise. However, people with could otherwise. However, people with could otherwise. However, people with less than average IQ will become likely less than average IQ will become likely less than average IQ will become likely addicted to AI generated content. addicted to AI generated content. addicted to AI generated content. Obviously, not all of them, but in Obviously, not all of them, but in Obviously, not all of them, but in general, the masses will be deceived by general, the masses will be deceived by general, the masses will be deceived by AI videos, AI images, AI voices, and AI videos, AI images, AI voices, and AI videos, AI images, AI voices, and they'll fall into AI powered propaganda. they'll fall into AI powered propaganda. they'll fall into AI powered propaganda. And the unfortunate and uncomfortable And the unfortunate and uncomfortable And the unfortunate and uncomfortable truth is that God or the universe, truth is that God or the universe, truth is that God or the universe, whatever you believe, has decided your whatever you believe, has decided your whatever you believe, has decided your destiny a long time ago because you destiny a long time ago because you destiny a long time ago because you cannot really choose which of these cannot really choose which of these cannot really choose which of these categories you're in. So, in a way, your categories you're in. So, in a way, your categories you're in. So, in a way, your destiny has already been decided. This destiny has already been decided. This destiny has already been decided. This brings up the topic of the slob machine, brings up the topic of the slob machine, brings up the topic of the slob machine, right? The release of SAR 2, which is right? The release of SAR 2, which is right? The release of SAR 2, which is like what, two weeks ago? It's crazy. AI like what, two weeks ago? It's crazy. AI like what, two weeks ago? It's crazy. AI is moving so fast. Feels like forever is moving so fast. Feels like forever is moving so fast. Feels like forever ago. But yeah, SA 2 just released as ago. But yeah, SA 2 just released as ago. But yeah, SA 2 just released as well. And it took the realism of AI well. And it took the realism of AI well. And it took the realism of AI videos to the next level, right? videos to the next level, right? videos to the next level, right? Literally, some of them you cannot even Literally, some of them you cannot even Literally, some of them you cannot even tell. And now after the dev day, SAR 2 tell. And now after the dev day, SAR 2 tell. And now after the dev day, SAR 2 is available in the API, right? Right? is available in the API, right? Right? is available in the API, right? Right? So what that means is that people can So what that means is that people can So what that means is that people can build on top of this video model which build on top of this video model which build on top of this video model which means we will see even more AI slope. means we will see even more AI slope. means we will see even more AI slope. Now like it or not this is probably what Now like it or not this is probably what Now like it or not this is probably what the future of entertainment is going to the future of entertainment is going to the future of entertainment is going to look like. It's going to be AI generated look like. It's going to be AI generated look like. It's going to be AI generated videos that are highly stimulating to videos that are highly stimulating to videos that are highly stimulating to the brain. And you might think okay I'm the brain. And you might think okay I'm the brain. And you might think okay I'm just going to watch other entertainment just going to watch other entertainment just going to watch other entertainment but you will not know. Now we can still but you will not know. Now we can still but you will not know. Now we can still tell but in 6 months nobody will be able tell but in 6 months nobody will be able tell but in 6 months nobody will be able to tell. Now what's funny is that even to tell. Now what's funny is that even to tell. Now what's funny is that even Mr. Mr. Beast himself who is the king of Mr. Mr. Beast himself who is the king of Mr. Mr. Beast himself who is the king of entertainment you know the king of entertainment you know the king of entertainment you know the king of content of attentiongrabbing slop is content of attentiongrabbing slop is content of attentiongrabbing slop is worried about AI right so Mr. calls out worried about AI right so Mr. calls out worried about AI right so Mr. calls out AI as threat to YouTubers, Livelihood AI as threat to YouTubers, Livelihood AI as threat to YouTubers, Livelihood says, "Scary times." So, the most says, "Scary times." So, the most says, "Scary times." So, the most successful creator of manual slop is now successful creator of manual slop is now successful creator of manual slop is now worried about AI slope. So, that's kind worried about AI slope. So, that's kind worried about AI slope. So, that's kind of funny, but honestly, this is not of funny, but honestly, this is not of funny, but honestly, this is not really an issue for those who create really an issue for those who create really an issue for those who create content that isn't slop, right? So, the content that isn't slop, right? So, the content that isn't slop, right? So, the way I was able to summarize this into a way I was able to summarize this into a way I was able to summarize this into a single sentence is if you are in single sentence is if you are in single sentence is if you are in entertainment, pivot to education. If entertainment, pivot to education. If entertainment, pivot to education. If you are creating a content that's not you are creating a content that's not you are creating a content that's not valuable, doesn't bring any unique valuable, doesn't bring any unique valuable, doesn't bring any unique insight, any unique ideas, novel insight, any unique ideas, novel insight, any unique ideas, novel analysis, nothing inherent of value, analysis, nothing inherent of value, analysis, nothing inherent of value, you're just doing the same that you're just doing the same that you're just doing the same that everybody else is doing. Don't be everybody else is doing. Don't be everybody else is doing. Don't be surprised when AI replaces you as well. surprised when AI replaces you as well. surprised when AI replaces you as well. And this is a very bullish message to And this is a very bullish message to And this is a very bullish message to those who are making educational high-v those who are making educational high-v those who are making educational high-v value content that is much harder to value content that is much harder to value content that is much harder to replicate, right? Content in flesh. When replicate, right? Content in flesh. When replicate, right? Content in flesh. When you show up in flesh, you know it's you show up in flesh, you know it's you show up in flesh, you know it's something of value. Now back to the something of value. Now back to the something of value. Now back to the positive side because we spend a bit too positive side because we spend a bit too positive side because we spend a bit too much on the doomer side. But the fact is much on the doomer side. But the fact is much on the doomer side. But the fact is that agents are going to be available that agents are going to be available that agents are going to be available for everyone. Even if you aren't a for everyone. Even if you aren't a for everyone. Even if you aren't a programmer, even if you have zero programmer, even if you have zero programmer, even if you have zero skills, the release of agent kit is skills, the release of agent kit is skills, the release of agent kit is fundamentally revolutionary. It will fundamentally revolutionary. It will fundamentally revolutionary. It will allow millions of new people to build AI allow millions of new people to build AI allow millions of new people to build AI agents, right? Even though tools like agents, right? Even though tools like agents, right? Even though tools like natake.com have existed for a while, natake.com have existed for a while, natake.com have existed for a while, OpenAI backing something, right? OpenAI OpenAI backing something, right? OpenAI OpenAI backing something, right? OpenAI creating their own agent builder will creating their own agent builder will creating their own agent builder will expose it to millions, if not tens of expose it to millions, if not tens of expose it to millions, if not tens of millions of potential new AI agent millions of potential new AI agent millions of potential new AI agent builders. Now, I have to be fair. The builders. Now, I have to be fair. The builders. Now, I have to be fair. The agent kit is similar to anything or agent kit is similar to anything or agent kit is similar to anything or make.com, right? It's not like they make.com, right? It's not like they make.com, right? It's not like they invented the light bulb. It's not a invented the light bulb. It's not a invented the light bulb. It's not a radical new technology, but it is a much radical new technology, but it is a much radical new technology, but it is a much cleaner and simpler design. It is easier cleaner and simpler design. It is easier cleaner and simpler design. It is easier to use. It's more userfriendly, but it to use. It's more userfriendly, but it to use. It's more userfriendly, but it also does include some new features and also does include some new features and also does include some new features and some new tools that other platforms some new tools that other platforms some new tools that other platforms don't have. And so, in a second, I'll don't have. And so, in a second, I'll don't have. And so, in a second, I'll show you how you can start using Agent show you how you can start using Agent show you how you can start using Agent Kit yourself. But first, hear it from Kit yourself. But first, hear it from Kit yourself. But first, hear it from Sam on what it actually is. Sam on what it actually is. Sam on what it actually is. &gt;&gt; This is a canvas to build agents. It's a &gt;&gt; This is a canvas to build agents. It's a &gt;&gt; This is a canvas to build agents. It's a fast visual way to design the logic fast visual way to design the logic fast visual way to design the logic steps, test the flows, and ship ideas. steps, test the flows, and ship ideas. steps, test the flows, and ship ideas. It's built on top of the responses API It's built on top of the responses API It's built on top of the responses API that hundreds of thousands of developers that hundreds of thousands of developers that hundreds of thousands of developers already use. already use. already use. &gt;&gt; All right, so now let's look at how to &gt;&gt; All right, so now let's look at how to &gt;&gt; All right, so now let's look at how to actually use agent kit. First, we need actually use agent kit. First, we need actually use agent kit. First, we need to go to Google while it still exists to go to Google while it still exists to go to Google while it still exists and type in platform OpenAI and click on and type in platform OpenAI and click on and type in platform OpenAI and click on the first link. Then you need to login the first link. Then you need to login the first link. Then you need to login with your CHBT account. So in the top with your CHBT account. So in the top with your CHBT account. So in the top right, click on your account and use the right, click on your account and use the right, click on your account and use the same one as using CHBT. Takes 20 same one as using CHBT. Takes 20 same one as using CHBT. Takes 20 seconds. Then click on dashboard which seconds. Then click on dashboard which seconds. Then click on dashboard which will bring you here but then on the left will bring you here but then on the left will bring you here but then on the left you can see agent builder and this is you can see agent builder and this is you can see agent builder and this is where agent kit is located. So click on where agent kit is located. So click on where agent kit is located. So click on agent builder and you can either create agent builder and you can either create agent builder and you can either create a workflow from scratch or you can use a workflow from scratch or you can use a workflow from scratch or you can use one of these uh six templates. They're one of these uh six templates. They're one of these uh six templates. They're probably going to add more let's be probably going to add more let's be probably going to add more let's be honest. So they have data enrichment honest. So they have data enrichment honest. So they have data enrichment planning helper customer service planning helper customer service planning helper customer service structure data QA document comparison structure data QA document comparison structure data QA document comparison and internal knowledge assistant. and internal knowledge assistant. and internal knowledge assistant. Honestly probably data enrichment sounds Honestly probably data enrichment sounds Honestly probably data enrichment sounds the most interesting. So let's explore the most interesting. So let's explore the most interesting. So let's explore this template. And there it is. Here is this template. And there it is. Here is this template. And there it is. Here is the dashboard. You can see this one is the dashboard. You can see this one is the dashboard. You can see this one is very simple. We have the start node. very simple. We have the start node. very simple. We have the start node. Then we have a web research agent and Then we have a web research agent and Then we have a web research agent and the summarize and display agent. Simple the summarize and display agent. Simple the summarize and display agent. Simple workflow to research a set of companies workflow to research a set of companies workflow to research a set of companies using web search and provide summary using web search and provide summary using web search and provide summary analysis. Analyze Nvidia. Find a company analysis. Analyze Nvidia. Find a company analysis. Analyze Nvidia. Find a company using web search. Okay. So this is very using web search. Okay. So this is very using web search. Okay. So this is very simple agent. Preview this. And this is simple agent. Preview this. And this is simple agent. Preview this. And this is nice. So you can see how it works by nice. So you can see how it works by nice. So you can see how it works by testing it right away with like a chat testing it right away with like a chat testing it right away with like a chat style interface. Analyze OpenAI dev day. style interface. Analyze OpenAI dev day. style interface. Analyze OpenAI dev day. Let's use it on their own product. So Let's use it on their own product. So Let's use it on their own product. So there we go. start web research agent is there we go. start web research agent is there we go. start web research agent is going and then you're going to summarize going and then you're going to summarize going and then you're going to summarize and display this you can obviously do and display this you can obviously do and display this you can obviously do inside of JBT itself but I think this is inside of JBT itself but I think this is inside of JBT itself but I think this is just an introduction to how the agent just an introduction to how the agent just an introduction to how the agent kit could be used the first templates kit could be used the first templates kit could be used the first templates probably the simplest one the beauty is probably the simplest one the beauty is probably the simplest one the beauty is that you can see like the logs and all that you can see like the logs and all that you can see like the logs and all of this lives within open ecosystem so of this lives within open ecosystem so of this lives within open ecosystem so debugging this and building on top of debugging this and building on top of debugging this and building on top of this will be very very nice very clean this will be very very nice very clean this will be very very nice very clean all right so here we have the response all right so here we have the response all right so here we have the response view details view details view details I mean this is nothing crazy, right? So I mean this is nothing crazy, right? So I mean this is nothing crazy, right? So let's look at some other We lost the let's look at some other We lost the let's look at some other We lost the templates. Oh no. Okay, so this crazy. templates. Oh no. Okay, so this crazy. templates. Oh no. Okay, so this crazy. If you use any of them, you lose them. If you use any of them, you lose them. If you use any of them, you lose them. Okay, we still have the templates here. Okay, we still have the templates here. Okay, we still have the templates here. Yeah, keep in mind that as soon as you Yeah, keep in mind that as soon as you Yeah, keep in mind that as soon as you click on templates, you seem to lose click on templates, you seem to lose click on templates, you seem to lose them. That's kind of crazy. Let's see them. That's kind of crazy. Let's see them. That's kind of crazy. Let's see which of these is more. Okay, let's look which of these is more. Okay, let's look which of these is more. Okay, let's look at document comparison. Okay, this one at document comparison. Okay, this one at document comparison. Okay, this one is more advanced. So by the way, on the is more advanced. So by the way, on the is more advanced. So by the way, on the left we have the different notes, right? left we have the different notes, right? left we have the different notes, right? So the core is agent, we have end note So the core is agent, we have end note So the core is agent, we have end note and note. So this is a sticky note. This and note. So this is a sticky note. This and note. So this is a sticky note. This is built with React Flow by the way. So is built with React Flow by the way. So is built with React Flow by the way. So if you want to build an app like this if you want to build an app like this if you want to build an app like this yourself, React Flow is a way to do yourself, React Flow is a way to do yourself, React Flow is a way to do that. Pretty easy. So OpenAI again, they that. Pretty easy. So OpenAI again, they that. Pretty easy. So OpenAI again, they ship this in six weeks thanks to Codex. ship this in six weeks thanks to Codex. ship this in six weeks thanks to Codex. It's pretty impressive. I think each It's pretty impressive. I think each It's pretty impressive. I think each workflow comes with a pre-created start workflow comes with a pre-created start workflow comes with a pre-created start note start define a workflow inputs note start define a workflow inputs note start define a workflow inputs input variable input as text string. input variable input as text string. input variable input as text string. Very simple. This is clearly targeted Very simple. This is clearly targeted Very simple. This is clearly targeted for non-developers. So then we have the for non-developers. So then we have the for non-developers. So then we have the agent. This is probably going to be the agent. This is probably going to be the agent. This is probably going to be the main node name agent. You can rename it. main node name agent. You can rename it. main node name agent. You can rename it. Instructions, the system prompt, include Instructions, the system prompt, include Instructions, the system prompt, include chat history. So, you can easily toggle chat history. So, you can easily toggle chat history. So, you can easily toggle this if the chat history shouldn't be this if the chat history shouldn't be this if the chat history shouldn't be included. And then model, you probably included. And then model, you probably included. And then model, you probably choose all of them, right? Nano GP5 Pro, choose all of them, right? Nano GP5 Pro, choose all of them, right? Nano GP5 Pro, that's another thing that released in that's another thing that released in that's another thing that released in dev day. GBD5 Pro is now in the API. dev day. GBD5 Pro is now in the API. dev day. GBD5 Pro is now in the API. 4.1, I would recommend 4.1. Actually, a 4.1, I would recommend 4.1. Actually, a 4.1, I would recommend 4.1. Actually, a lot of people want to use GPD5 because lot of people want to use GPD5 because lot of people want to use GPD5 because it's newer, but for AI agents, GPD 4.1 it's newer, but for AI agents, GPD 4.1 it's newer, but for AI agents, GPD 4.1 is much more reliable. Then tools, you is much more reliable. Then tools, you is much more reliable. Then tools, you can add bunch of tools. chat kit, MCP can add bunch of tools. chat kit, MCP can add bunch of tools. chat kit, MCP server, file search, web search, code server, file search, web search, code server, file search, web search, code interpreter or a custom function, output interpreter or a custom function, output interpreter or a custom function, output format, text or JSON. Wow. So you don't format, text or JSON. Wow. So you don't format, text or JSON. Wow. So you don't even have to instruct it to output even have to instruct it to output even have to instruct it to output structure. You can just select it here structure. You can just select it here structure. You can just select it here and then widget which is chatkit. This and then widget which is chatkit. This and then widget which is chatkit. This is actually pretty good. You can do like is actually pretty good. You can do like is actually pretty good. You can do like some major prompt engineering here. some major prompt engineering here. some major prompt engineering here. You can add multiple different prompts. You can add multiple different prompts. You can add multiple different prompts. User assistant. Oh wow. So you can User assistant. Oh wow. So you can User assistant. Oh wow. So you can construct the conversation history construct the conversation history construct the conversation history already. So this is like the system already. So this is like the system already. So this is like the system prompt. Look at this. We have assistant prompt. Look at this. We have assistant prompt. Look at this. We have assistant prompt. Then we have the first user prompt. Then we have the first user prompt. Then we have the first user prompt. Then we can do assistant message prompt. Then we can do assistant message prompt. Then we can do assistant message response and then user again. So you can response and then user again. So you can response and then user again. So you can literally like this is one of the literally like this is one of the literally like this is one of the advanced pro engineing principles. You advanced pro engineing principles. You advanced pro engineing principles. You can prefill the conversation, right? So can prefill the conversation, right? So can prefill the conversation, right? So it looks like it already starts. Nice. it looks like it already starts. Nice. it looks like it already starts. Nice. This is nice. And then sticky notes are This is nice. And then sticky notes are This is nice. And then sticky notes are just for explaining your workflow. And just for explaining your workflow. And just for explaining your workflow. And then we have tools like file search. So then we have tools like file search. So then we have tools like file search. So this is the vector DB. Okay. So you need this is the vector DB. Okay. So you need this is the vector DB. Okay. So you need to create it inside of the vector to create it inside of the vector to create it inside of the vector storage in OpenAI. So they're going to storage in OpenAI. So they're going to storage in OpenAI. So they're going to use their embedding tool to create a use their embedding tool to create a use their embedding tool to create a highdimensional vector database or highdimensional vector database or highdimensional vector database or vector store for this you know probably vector store for this you know probably vector store for this you know probably not a database if it's a single file but not a database if it's a single file but not a database if it's a single file but yeah and then you can use those inside yeah and then you can use those inside yeah and then you can use those inside of your workflow you can choose the k of your workflow you can choose the k of your workflow you can choose the k nearest neighbors select 10 nearest neighbors select 10 nearest neighbors select 10 and the query on how to cue it and the query on how to cue it and the query on how to cue it guardrails this is I think something guardrails this is I think something guardrails this is I think something that is the differentiator between agent that is the differentiator between agent that is the differentiator between agent kit and you know n10.com guardrails kit and you know n10.com guardrails kit and you know n10.com guardrails input as text personally and okay so we input as text personally and okay so we input as text personally and okay so we can clean personal undevelopable can clean personal undevelopable can clean personal undevelopable information moderation like harmful information moderation like harmful information moderation like harmful content or you know 18 plus content content or you know 18 plus content content or you know 18 plus content jailbreaking. So if you're building this jailbreaking. So if you're building this jailbreaking. So if you're building this as a back end, you know, you know the as a back end, you know, you know the as a back end, you know, you know the meme like lovable front end anytime back meme like lovable front end anytime back meme like lovable front end anytime back end, you can do like agent kit back end. end, you can do like agent kit back end. end, you can do like agent kit back end. You can literally build and this is the You can literally build and this is the You can literally build and this is the crazy part. You can turn this into code, crazy part. You can turn this into code, crazy part. You can turn this into code, right? So using agents SDK, you can uh right? So using agents SDK, you can uh right? So using agents SDK, you can uh copy paste this into your Python back copy paste this into your Python back copy paste this into your Python back end and uh build on top of it. And by end and uh build on top of it. And by end and uh build on top of it. And by the way, this would this might be a the way, this would this might be a the way, this would this might be a whole new video. Like if you want me to whole new video. Like if you want me to whole new video. Like if you want me to make a video on how to build an AI agent make a video on how to build an AI agent make a video on how to build an AI agent with agent kit and then deploy it into with agent kit and then deploy it into with agent kit and then deploy it into your Python back end so you can build on your Python back end so you can build on your Python back end so you can build on top of it and build a whole startup with top of it and build a whole startup with top of it and build a whole startup with this comment below because uh that's this comment below because uh that's this comment below because uh that's fascinating the fact that you can just fascinating the fact that you can just fascinating the fact that you can just click on code and instantly copy it and click on code and instantly copy it and click on code and instantly copy it and build your own application around it build your own application around it build your own application around it powered by agent kit. See, OpenAI powered by agent kit. See, OpenAI powered by agent kit. See, OpenAI destroyed hundreds of startups with this destroyed hundreds of startups with this destroyed hundreds of startups with this dev day, but they just made thousands of dev day, but they just made thousands of dev day, but they just made thousands of new startups possible that before were new startups possible that before were new startups possible that before were either not possible or at least like 50 either not possible or at least like 50 either not possible or at least like 50 times 100 times harder. You cannot like times 100 times harder. You cannot like times 100 times harder. You cannot like fully criticize OpenAI, but you cannot fully criticize OpenAI, but you cannot fully criticize OpenAI, but you cannot fully love them either. MCP. So, this is fully love them either. MCP. So, this is fully love them either. MCP. So, this is interesting. People talking about like interesting. People talking about like interesting. People talking about like how Enthropic invented MCPs, but OpenAI how Enthropic invented MCPs, but OpenAI how Enthropic invented MCPs, but OpenAI is actually the one that's capitalizing is actually the one that's capitalizing is actually the one that's capitalizing on them. So, we have MCP node. So, you on them. So, we have MCP node. So, you on them. So, we have MCP node. So, you can integrate u MCP servers. Now, Agent can integrate u MCP servers. Now, Agent can integrate u MCP servers. Now, Agent Kit might not have as many integrations Kit might not have as many integrations Kit might not have as many integrations as other agent builders, but they do as other agent builders, but they do as other agent builders, but they do have the MCP node, and that's really all have the MCP node, and that's really all have the MCP node, and that's really all you need because there's an MCP that you need because there's an MCP that you need because there's an MCP that lets you connect to over 500 different lets you connect to over 500 different lets you connect to over 500 different apps. And that MCP is called RUP. So, if apps. And that MCP is called RUP. So, if apps. And that MCP is called RUP. So, if you're in agent kit and you activate the you're in agent kit and you activate the you're in agent kit and you activate the MCP node and you click on add, here you MCP node and you click on add, here you MCP node and you click on add, here you can add any MCP server. And if you add can add any MCP server. And if you add can add any MCP server. And if you add RUP, you can connect over 500 different RUP, you can connect over 500 different RUP, you can connect over 500 different apps through a single MCB connector. So apps through a single MCB connector. So apps through a single MCB connector. So whether that is Gmail, Slack, whether that is Gmail, Slack, whether that is Gmail, Slack, Perplexity, YouTube, GitHub or Perplexity, YouTube, GitHub or Perplexity, YouTube, GitHub or Superbase, RP has it all. And the best Superbase, RP has it all. And the best Superbase, RP has it all. And the best part is you can just tell it what apps part is you can just tell it what apps part is you can just tell it what apps you want to connect together. Like in you want to connect together. Like in you want to connect together. Like in this example where you ask it to add a this example where you ask it to add a this example where you ask it to add a marketing deck from Google Drive into marketing deck from Google Drive into marketing deck from Google Drive into your Slack and it calls the tool and your Slack and it calls the tool and your Slack and it calls the tool and does that. Or maybe you need RP to write does that. Or maybe you need RP to write does that. Or maybe you need RP to write a follow-up email. Well, it can use the a follow-up email. Well, it can use the a follow-up email. Well, it can use the Gmail.create email draft tool and do Gmail.create email draft tool and do Gmail.create email draft tool and do exactly that. So instead of having to exactly that. So instead of having to exactly that. So instead of having to connect all of these MCPS one by one, connect all of these MCPS one by one, connect all of these MCPS one by one, all you have to do is connect RP and it all you have to do is connect RP and it all you have to do is connect RP and it gives you all of these apps with it. And gives you all of these apps with it. And gives you all of these apps with it. And thanks to the free plan, you can start thanks to the free plan, you can start thanks to the free plan, you can start using RP today completely for free. So using RP today completely for free. So using RP today completely for free. So if you want to connect over 500 if you want to connect over 500 if you want to connect over 500 different apps through a single MCP, go different apps through a single MCP, go different apps through a single MCP, go to rub.app and give it a shot or just to rub.app and give it a shot or just to rub.app and give it a shot or just click the link below the video. Thanks click the link below the video. Thanks click the link below the video. Thanks to RP for sponsoring today's upload. If to RP for sponsoring today's upload. If to RP for sponsoring today's upload. If else. Okay, so we have basic u else. Okay, so we have basic u else. Okay, so we have basic u programming logic while loop and then programming logic while loop and then programming logic while loop and then some data transform or set state. So some data transform or set state. So some data transform or set state. So these are already NA10 obviously. So these are already NA10 obviously. So these are already NA10 obviously. So let's look at this one. Start triage let's look at this one. Start triage let's look at this one. Start triage request. Let's see what's this. So this request. Let's see what's this. So this request. Let's see what's this. So this is an AI agent. Classify the user's is an AI agent. Classify the user's is an AI agent. Classify the user's request based on whether two documents request based on whether two documents request based on whether two documents have been provided recently in the have been provided recently in the have been provided recently in the conversation. Propose reconciliation. So conversation. Propose reconciliation. So conversation. Propose reconciliation. So these are all agents. This is these are all agents. This is these are all agents. This is interesting. This is a very interesting interesting. This is a very interesting interesting. This is a very interesting looking at this from the design choice. looking at this from the design choice. looking at this from the design choice. Right? In NA10 you have an AI agent. Right? In NA10 you have an AI agent. Right? In NA10 you have an AI agent. It's like a big node, a big block, It's like a big node, a big block, It's like a big node, a big block, right? Here like the if else is much right? Here like the if else is much right? Here like the if else is much bigger than agent. They make the agent bigger than agent. They make the agent bigger than agent. They make the agent like a small thing here. And then this like a small thing here. And then this like a small thing here. And then this is like three agents here. It's no big is like three agents here. It's no big is like three agents here. It's no big deal. Just customize each agent for each deal. Just customize each agent for each deal. Just customize each agent for each scenario. This is a very interesting scenario. This is a very interesting scenario. This is a very interesting design choice how OpenAI thinks design choice how OpenAI thinks design choice how OpenAI thinks differently about the significance of an differently about the significance of an differently about the significance of an agent in a workflow compared to NA10. agent in a workflow compared to NA10. agent in a workflow compared to NA10. Yeah, this is looks much more like Yeah, this is looks much more like Yeah, this is looks much more like streamlined, simpler. Doesn't mean it's streamlined, simpler. Doesn't mean it's streamlined, simpler. Doesn't mean it's better. NA10 is obviously more advanced. better. NA10 is obviously more advanced. better. NA10 is obviously more advanced. NA10 has way more integrations. NA10 has way more integrations. NA10 has way more integrations. But again, OpenI shipped this in six But again, OpenI shipped this in six But again, OpenI shipped this in six weeks. And this a lot of beginners will weeks. And this a lot of beginners will weeks. And this a lot of beginners will use this, right? because the UI is more use this, right? because the UI is more use this, right? because the UI is more clean. OpenAI designers are amazing. Uh clean. OpenAI designers are amazing. Uh clean. OpenAI designers are amazing. Uh their I'm jealous of their UIUIX. Um their I'm jealous of their UIUIX. Um their I'm jealous of their UIUIX. Um yeah, if I had the budget, I would yeah, if I had the budget, I would yeah, if I had the budget, I would probably poach some of these designers probably poach some of these designers probably poach some of these designers to be honest. But yeah, um no nothing to be honest. But yeah, um no nothing to be honest. But yeah, um no nothing crazy here. It goes to an AI agent, then crazy here. It goes to an AI agent, then crazy here. It goes to an AI agent, then it goes to user approval. If it's a it goes to user approval. If it's a it goes to user approval. If it's a rejection agent, they're just spamming rejection agent, they're just spamming rejection agent, they're just spamming AI agents. Like you could probably put AI agents. Like you could probably put AI agents. Like you could probably put some loop in here, right? But uh whoever some loop in here, right? But uh whoever some loop in here, right? But uh whoever designed this template is just not designed this template is just not designed this template is just not afraid to spam agent everywhere. And the afraid to spam agent everywhere. And the afraid to spam agent everywhere. And the output format is a test widget. Look at output format is a test widget. Look at output format is a test widget. Look at this. Preview code, detach, edit. So this. Preview code, detach, edit. So this. Preview code, detach, edit. So this is chatkit, by the way. So if this is chatkit, by the way. So if this is chatkit, by the way. So if you're confused uh by all the releases, you're confused uh by all the releases, you're confused uh by all the releases, you're not the only one. But chatkit you're not the only one. But chatkit you're not the only one. But chatkit basically lets you build these widgets, basically lets you build these widgets, basically lets you build these widgets, right? Which is like UI elements. right? Which is like UI elements. right? Which is like UI elements. Basically, this is like their own Basically, this is like their own Basically, this is like their own version of chat. Honestly, I might be version of chat. Honestly, I might be version of chat. Honestly, I might be talking complete now, so feel free talking complete now, so feel free talking complete now, so feel free to correct me in the comments, but uh to correct me in the comments, but uh to correct me in the comments, but uh yeah, this this feels uh like their own yeah, this this feels uh like their own yeah, this this feels uh like their own kind of UI framework. I mean they their kind of UI framework. I mean they their kind of UI framework. I mean they their own way of letting you build with their own way of letting you build with their own way of letting you build with their own UI design system basically. So you own UI design system basically. So you own UI design system basically. So you have the playground, you have the widget have the playground, you have the widget have the playground, you have the widget builder and the chatkit world. That's builder and the chatkit world. That's builder and the chatkit world. That's like a demo. So you can do a new widget, like a demo. So you can do a new widget, like a demo. So you can do a new widget, you can see a gallery of pre-built you can see a gallery of pre-built you can see a gallery of pre-built widgets, right? So like a calendar. widgets, right? So like a calendar. widgets, right? So like a calendar. Yeah. So basically this is like OpenAI Yeah. So basically this is like OpenAI Yeah. So basically this is like OpenAI designed components that they're kind of designed components that they're kind of designed components that they're kind of letting you borrow but not fully because letting you borrow but not fully because letting you borrow but not fully because you have to stay in their ecosystem, you have to stay in their ecosystem, you have to stay in their ecosystem, right? Button. Okay. So you can build right? Button. Okay. So you can build right? Button. Okay. So you can build websites that look polished with this websites that look polished with this websites that look polished with this date picker. I mean other websites you date picker. I mean other websites you date picker. I mean other websites you know they I don't think they let you u know they I don't think they let you u know they I don't think they let you u take it fully. Let's see if this is the take it fully. Let's see if this is the take it fully. Let's see if this is the case or not. Did openi fully open source case or not. Did openi fully open source case or not. Did openi fully open source chat kit and all the elements inside? I chat kit and all the elements inside? I chat kit and all the elements inside? I highly doubt it but this is nice. Like highly doubt it but this is nice. Like highly doubt it but this is nice. Like we have a bunch of icons like 50 or we have a bunch of icons like 50 or we have a bunch of icons like 50 or whatever. Obviously not as much as some whatever. Obviously not as much as some whatever. Obviously not as much as some other open source libraries. The point other open source libraries. The point other open source libraries. The point is that you can easily design these UI is that you can easily design these UI is that you can easily design these UI widgets or UI elements with um you know widgets or UI elements with um you know widgets or UI elements with um you know very simple HTML style code and you can very simple HTML style code and you can very simple HTML style code and you can use these inside of your agent kit apps use these inside of your agent kit apps use these inside of your agent kit apps right this is this chatkit let's see no right this is this chatkit let's see no right this is this chatkit let's see no openi did not fully open source chatk openi did not fully open source chatk openi did not fully open source chatk kit here's what available openi released kit here's what available openi released kit here's what available openi released chatkit javascript components under the chatkit javascript components under the chatkit javascript components under the apache 2.0 license. This includes apache 2.0 license. This includes apache 2.0 license. This includes chatkit, react components. Okay, this chatkit, react components. Okay, this chatkit, react components. Okay, this might be a whole another video like how might be a whole another video like how might be a whole another video like how to build websites in the style of to build websites in the style of to build websites in the style of chatkit, you know, with these chatkit, you know, with these chatkit, you know, with these components, chart, icon, image, components, chart, icon, image, components, chart, icon, image, markdown, label, caption, title, and markdown, label, caption, title, and markdown, label, caption, title, and obviously you can do a new widget and obviously you can do a new widget and obviously you can do a new widget and you can just describe it using plain you can just describe it using plain you can just describe it using plain English and GPT will build it for you. English and GPT will build it for you. English and GPT will build it for you. Agents MD. Okay, so here's the system Agents MD. Okay, so here's the system Agents MD. Okay, so here's the system prompt. Nice. They revealed the system prompt. Nice. They revealed the system prompt. Nice. They revealed the system prompt. You are an expert widget prompt. You are an expert widget prompt. You are an expert widget designer and developer. Outputs must be designer and developer. Outputs must be designer and developer. Outputs must be small compact widgets. Methodal small compact widgets. Methodal small compact widgets. Methodal methodology, methodology, methodology, complexity, budgets. What are widgets? complexity, budgets. What are widgets? complexity, budgets. What are widgets? Widgets UI. Widget is a strict Widgets UI. Widget is a strict Widgets UI. Widget is a strict simplified version of JSX that only simplified version of JSX that only simplified version of JSX that only permits specific components and props. permits specific components and props. permits specific components and props. Wow. They open source the whole prompt. Wow. They open source the whole prompt. Wow. They open source the whole prompt. And this is a long prompt, guys. I'm And this is a long prompt, guys. I'm And this is a long prompt, guys. I'm still scrolling. This is a very long still scrolling. This is a very long still scrolling. This is a very long prompt. Oh my god, guys. We need to prompt. Oh my god, guys. We need to prompt. Oh my god, guys. We need to study this. Wait, how long is this? study this. Wait, how long is this? study this. Wait, how long is this? 8,000 words, 55,000 characters. Guys, if 8,000 words, 55,000 characters. Guys, if 8,000 words, 55,000 characters. Guys, if your prompts are not this long, maybe your prompts are not this long, maybe your prompts are not this long, maybe you are not serious. Maybe you don't you are not serious. Maybe you don't you are not serious. Maybe you don't really care about your AI agents. This really care about your AI agents. This really care about your AI agents. This is a complete prompt engineering is a complete prompt engineering is a complete prompt engineering masterass here from OpenAI. masterass here from OpenAI. masterass here from OpenAI. They just gave away how to prompt AI They just gave away how to prompt AI They just gave away how to prompt AI agents. Wow. That that's that's amazing. agents. Wow. That that's that's amazing. agents. Wow. That that's that's amazing. That's actually amazing that they open That's actually amazing that they open That's actually amazing that they open source the agents MD. I clicked that source the agents MD. I clicked that source the agents MD. I clicked that completely by accident. But hey, I bet completely by accident. But hey, I bet completely by accident. But hey, I bet most people have skipped that and missed most people have skipped that and missed most people have skipped that and missed that. But this is what you get by that. But this is what you get by that. But this is what you get by watching the David Andre channel. If you watching the David Andre channel. If you watching the David Andre channel. If you aren't subscribed yet, go below video aren't subscribed yet, go below video aren't subscribed yet, go below video and click subscribe. It takes two and click subscribe. It takes two and click subscribe. It takes two seconds and the benefits are tremendous. seconds and the benefits are tremendous. seconds and the benefits are tremendous. It's a no-brainer deal. Uh it's a grand It's a no-brainer deal. Uh it's a grand It's a no-brainer deal. Uh it's a grand slam offer as Hermosi would say. But slam offer as Hermosi would say. But slam offer as Hermosi would say. But yeah, this is the agents widget builder yeah, this is the agents widget builder yeah, this is the agents widget builder for aka also known as chatkit. It's not for aka also known as chatkit. It's not for aka also known as chatkit. It's not fully open source, but they did give us fully open source, but they did give us fully open source, but they did give us the components, some sample the components, some sample the components, some sample applications, documents, and guide. applications, documents, and guide. applications, documents, and guide. What's not open source? the core chatkit What's not open source? the core chatkit What's not open source? the core chatkit infrastructure remains proprietary back infrastructure remains proprietary back infrastructure remains proprietary back and services agent builder okay it's and services agent builder okay it's and services agent builder okay it's hybrid so so the UI components are open hybrid so so the UI components are open hybrid so so the UI components are open source and some of these icons so that's source and some of these icons so that's source and some of these icons so that's nice yeah anyways as I said this is a nice yeah anyways as I said this is a nice yeah anyways as I said this is a whole new video minimum this is like whole new video minimum this is like whole new video minimum this is like probably multiple videos so if you want probably multiple videos so if you want probably multiple videos so if you want a full dedicated video on using agent a full dedicated video on using agent a full dedicated video on using agent kit but more importantly the code right kit but more importantly the code right kit but more importantly the code right how to deploy this into your own how to deploy this into your own how to deploy this into your own application and there's also evas we application and there's also evas we application and there's also evas we haven't even touched on evas yeah haven't even touched on evas yeah haven't even touched on evas yeah there's a lot uh openi is cooking and there's a lot uh openi is cooking and there's a lot uh openi is cooking and wow guys we live in the future. We live wow guys we live in the future. We live wow guys we live in the future. We live in the future and u openai is about to in the future and u openai is about to in the future and u openai is about to monopolize the entire internet if nobody monopolize the entire internet if nobody monopolize the entire internet if nobody stops them. Well let me know which stops them. Well let me know which stops them. Well let me know which videos you want me to make whether agent videos you want me to make whether agent videos you want me to make whether agent kit and how to build a whole application kit and how to build a whole application kit and how to build a whole application with this or whether chat kit and going with this or whether chat kit and going with this or whether chat kit and going more into these components UI um how to more into these components UI um how to more into these components UI um how to build your own widget. There is so much build your own widget. There is so much build your own widget. There is so much content it's crazy. So let me know which content it's crazy. So let me know which content it's crazy. So let me know which one I should make or if I should make one I should make or if I should make one I should make or if I should make all of them. That being said, if you all of them. That being said, if you all of them. That being said, if you watch until the end, thank you. Thank watch until the end, thank you. Thank watch until the end, thank you. Thank you for watching and I wish you a you for watching and I wish you a you for watching and I wish you a wonderful, productive week.
